
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.902619                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2902619131000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2902619131000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 783857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   945096                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20223090080                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 560080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   143.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112507011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     135649580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1190564                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9003364                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10195464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1190564                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1190564                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5259520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data          17524                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7595380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              27056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             141197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                168277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data              4381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               410169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3101807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3512505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          410169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             410169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1811991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data                6037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          798705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2616733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1811991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              410169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3107844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          799036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6129238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        168277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       122785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      168277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     122785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10758080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     11648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7609472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10195464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7595380                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3868                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4505                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                9709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                9253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                9698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                9938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               8855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               9933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               9763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           1                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2902618754500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    9558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  158705                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 118404                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    167256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        58554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      313.684599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     183.640199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     334.584074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          21469     36.67%     36.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14640     25.00%     61.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5516      9.42%     71.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3473      5.93%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2278      3.89%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1576      2.69%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          999      1.71%     85.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1064      1.82%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7539     12.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          58554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        28.669452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      558.899894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           5861     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.279379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.638132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.466375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5064     86.37%     86.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              42      0.72%     87.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              33      0.56%     87.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             216      3.68%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             215      3.67%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              12      0.20%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              16      0.27%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               7      0.12%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              25      0.43%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.05%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               6      0.10%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.07%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             164      2.80%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               4      0.07%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               3      0.05%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               2      0.03%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              13      0.22%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               2      0.03%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.02%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               5      0.09%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             3      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             3      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.03%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.03%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             8      0.14%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             3      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1491102500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4642883750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    840475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8870.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27620.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        27.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     138436                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     90002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      9972510.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2755210874500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       96924620000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       50483546000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 226731960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 215936280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 123712875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 117822375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                698794200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                612339000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               389791440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               380667600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          189584556720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          189584556720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           86730297120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           85558991580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1665488607000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1666516068000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1943242491315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1942986381555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.480387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.392153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     24532671                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       8148                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    19614515                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1410                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                           64                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     4272                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                   1630                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       445                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 24540819                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                19615925                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          44147186                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9558                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      44156744                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    115605918                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4762                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                           64                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2913                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                115610680                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                         115605918                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4762                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                     115610680                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5805238262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   112507011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     135649580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             119948946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11161                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     9898964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15236406                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    119948946                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11161                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           218165471                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           82686622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 8449                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2716                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            489970666                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            51914345                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      45428250                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    24855398                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20572852                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               5386458042.024144                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               418780219.975856                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.072138                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.927862                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          25929462                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2337      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  93218062     67.17%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114523      0.08%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               8475      0.01%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 24855398     17.91%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                20572852     14.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  138771647                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     3032                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            822746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.850534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            43252602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            823258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             52.538332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         876905250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.850534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         177194888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        177194888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     23122389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        23122389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     18831358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       18831358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data       392121                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        392121                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       443546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       443546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       460444                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       460444                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      41953747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         41953747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     42345868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        42345868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       402166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        402166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       299026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       299026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       119155                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       119155                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        22691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       701192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         701192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       820347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        820347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5900442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5900442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11658351003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11658351003                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    279152000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    279152000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        53002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        53002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  17558793003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17558793003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  17558793003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17558793003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     23524555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23524555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     19130384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19130384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       511276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       511276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       466237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       466237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       460446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       460446                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     42654939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42654939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     43166215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43166215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.233054                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.233054                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.048668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14671.657972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14671.657972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38987.750239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38987.750239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12302.322507                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12302.322507                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        26501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25041.348166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25041.348166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21404.104608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21404.104608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.757576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       686230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            686230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        14222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        14222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       401539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       299026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       299026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       117004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       117004                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8469                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       700565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       700565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       817569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       817569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5083326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5083326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11002800997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11002800997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1411190000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1411190000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     99471250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99471250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        48998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        48998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16086127497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16086127497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17497317497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17497317497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5791402750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5791402750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   4429678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4429678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  10221080750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10221080750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.228847                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228847                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018165                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018165                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12659.608407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12659.608407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36795.465936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36795.465936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12061.040648                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.040648                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11745.335931                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11745.335931                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        24499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        24499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22961.648808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22961.648808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21401.640103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21401.640103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1699818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.781939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           113905582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1700330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             66.990280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       25181626250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.781939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         117306254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        117306254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    113905582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       113905582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     113905582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        113905582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    113905582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       113905582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1700336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1700336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1700336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23242723500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23242723500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23242723500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  23242723500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23242723500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  23242723500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    115605918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    115605918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    115605918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    115605918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    115605918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    115605918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.488560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.488560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.488560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.488560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13669.488560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13669.488560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1700336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1700336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1700336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1700336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19835501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19835501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19835501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19835501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19835501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19835501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.636380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.636380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.636380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.636380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11665.636380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11665.636380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            88869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64932.369335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2760844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           154135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            17.911856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50673.822123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.809354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.012212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  9580.724050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4674.001596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.773221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.146190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.071320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995804                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         26241950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        26241950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         7097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1682273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       514821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2207891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       686230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       686230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       166049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       166049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1682273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       680870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2373940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         7097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1682273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       680870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2373940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        12191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        30239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2719                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2719                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       142426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        160474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       142426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       160474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       567750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1312392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    918323250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2231433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       467980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       467980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        46998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        46998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8982643216                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8982643216                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       567750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1312392500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   9900966466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11214076216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       567750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1312392500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   9900966466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11214076216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         7104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1700312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       527012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2238130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       686230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       686230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2742                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2742                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       296284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       296284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1700312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       823296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2534414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         7104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1700312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       823296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2534414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991612                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991612                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.439561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.439561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 81107.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72753.062808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75327.967353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73793.214061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   172.114748                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   172.114748                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        23499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68972.574316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68972.574316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 81107.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72753.062808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69516.566259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69880.954024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 81107.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72753.062808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69516.566259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69880.954024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        82180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            82180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       142426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       142426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       480750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1086559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    766168250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     27220719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27220719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7352907784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7352907784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       480750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1086559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8119076034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9206240784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       480750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1086559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8119076034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9206240784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    474215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   5385932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5860147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   4098166000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4098166000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    474215000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   9484098000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9958313000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991612                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991612                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.439561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.172995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 68678.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60233.882144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62847.038799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61289.493700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10011.297904                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10011.297904                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56458.769025                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56458.769025                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 68678.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60233.882144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57005.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57369.049092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 68678.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60233.882144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57005.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57369.049092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2294825                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2294810                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       686230                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36225                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2742                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2744                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       296284                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       296284                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3418692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2456073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        12917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        24956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5912638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    108856056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     96806921                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        14808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        28416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          205706201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       52963                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3276132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        5.011129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.104904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5            3239673     98.89%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6              36459      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3276132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2353772500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       328500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2564911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1311851755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy       9215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy      17852250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326584349                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36805009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36424                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.133398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         298397241000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     1.133398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.070837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.070837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328122                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     28038377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28038377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     28038377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     28038377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     28038377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     28038377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119822.123932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119822.123932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119822.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119822.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119822.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119822.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15869377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15869377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2206856981                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206856981                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15869377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15869377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15869377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15869377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67817.850427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67817.850427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67817.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67817.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67817.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67817.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             82180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            128451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           128451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       436476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       544158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 616855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15471548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     15635009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17954305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              219                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            281834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  281834    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              281834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            86774000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1264017500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1594856995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38339991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
