
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.905068                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1905067807000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1905067807000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 163944                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5458738398                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 318552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   348.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    57215334                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      57215334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           865344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24709248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           545600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26240064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       865344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       118912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          984256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5157696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::tsunami.ide      2659328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7817024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                410001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::tsunami.ide          41552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               122141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              454233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12970272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               62419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              286394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13773822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         454233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          62419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             516651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2707356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::tsunami.ide          1395923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4103279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2707356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             454233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12970272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1396427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              62419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             286394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17877100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        410001                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       122141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      410001                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     122141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26227648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     12416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7815104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26240064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7817024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           6364                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1905063366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  410001                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 122141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    317360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     40469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     42857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      9026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     9268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      528.357101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     319.789036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     417.784578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14909     23.14%     23.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11361     17.63%     40.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5102      7.92%     48.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2869      4.45%     53.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2286      3.55%     56.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1687      2.62%     59.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1558      2.42%     61.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1655      2.57%     64.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23003     35.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        74.305712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2843.118152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5512     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.141614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.970992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       20.024334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4751     86.15%     86.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             123      2.23%     88.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              15      0.27%     88.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             231      4.19%     92.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              39      0.71%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              12      0.22%     93.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               8      0.15%     93.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               4      0.07%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              23      0.42%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.05%     94.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               5      0.09%     94.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.04%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               7      0.13%     94.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               3      0.05%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               5      0.09%     94.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              28      0.51%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              10      0.18%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               2      0.04%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              17      0.31%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             177      3.21%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             3      0.05%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             2      0.04%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.04%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             4      0.07%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             2      0.04%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             4      0.07%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             5      0.09%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             3      0.05%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             5      0.09%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             8      0.15%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             1      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             2      0.04%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             4      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             2      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             3      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     3875472500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11559353750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2049035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9456.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28206.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        26.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     369467                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3579990.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1804432107750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       63614200000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       37016700250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 243908280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 243137160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 133084875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 132664125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               1597408800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               1598750400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               384555600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               406470960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          124429375200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          124429375200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           57078983475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           56985810705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1092967983000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1093049713500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1276835299230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1276845922050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             670.232898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             670.238474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              296853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             296773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             80589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            14563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            121274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           120582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        41714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       931819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       973693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1056989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        78682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31396800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31475482                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                34135770                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            18692                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            557285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  557285    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              557285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40450499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1545398747                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3825672402                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           43153245                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   344236                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65255.823465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2587778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   409374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.321305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               7093665750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   53392.763161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5322.213179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     6227.888257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      220.740542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       92.218326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.814709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.081211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.095030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.003368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.001407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993927                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 27098951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                27098951                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             802459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             696077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             311437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              94339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1904312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          804733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               804733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             166                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             431                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 597                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           138280                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            34809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               173089                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              802459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              834357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              311437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              129148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2077401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             802459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             834357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             311437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             129148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2077401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            13534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           273199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1562                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          736                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          745                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1481                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         113374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             13534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            386573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                410535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            13534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           386573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               410535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1040639500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17951579250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147621500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     80108498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19219948748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1096455                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8459610                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9556065                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1292445                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       162993                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1455438                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9386780343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    797590458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10184370801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1040639500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27338359593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    877698956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     29404319549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1040639500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27338359593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    877698956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    29404319549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         815993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         969276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         313299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          95246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2193814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       804733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           804733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3036                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1993                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          788                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1559                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       251654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        42468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           294122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          815993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1220930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          313299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          137714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2487936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         815993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1220930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         313299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         137714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2487936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.281859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.009523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.131963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783743                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.881289                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934010                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.966278                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949968                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.411506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.316622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.062201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.316622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.062201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76890.756613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65708.802924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79281.149302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88322.489526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66389.692465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   382.040070                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5415.883483                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2156.151850                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1756.039402                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   218.782550                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   982.740041                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82794.823707                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104137.675676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84145.404980                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76890.756613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70719.785378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79281.149302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 102463.104833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71624.391462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76890.756613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70719.785378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79281.149302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 102463.104833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71624.391462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               80589                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    80589                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2870                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1562                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          736                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          745                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1481                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       113374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           410517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          410517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    869263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14546768250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123935250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68927498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15608893998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28724364                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15649033                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44373397                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7383232                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7461237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14844469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8003168657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    703372040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8706540697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    869263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22549936907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123935250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    772299538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24315434695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    869263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22549936907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123935250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    772299538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24315434695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1361646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     27086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1388732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2074085500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    667819500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2741905000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3435731500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    694905500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4130637000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783743                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881289                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934010                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.966278                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.949968                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64289.845426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53246.247227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66703.579117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75995.036384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53919.712309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10008.489199                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10018.587068                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10012.048060                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10031.565217                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10015.083221                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10023.274139                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70590.864369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91836.015146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71935.263085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64289.845426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58333.083894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66703.579117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90158.713285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59231.249120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64289.845426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58333.083894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66703.579117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90158.713285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59231.249120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41697                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.496947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1710336805000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.496947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.031059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.031059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375577                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              177                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21586383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21586383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21586383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21586383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21586383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21586383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41554                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41554                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121956.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121956.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121956.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121956.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 121956.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121956.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      41552                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12381383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12381383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2512854560                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2512854560                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12381383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12381383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12381383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12381383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69951.316384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69951.316384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69951.316384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69951.316384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69951.316384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69951.316384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               14962614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13045209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           300344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             9143692                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                5116520                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            55.956828                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 756655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8668714                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     31568                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          533                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  683834                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5507711                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6832                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         377                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 235007                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14176425                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     38400                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          910                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  918841                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    1355401                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    29256                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         621                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1384657                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       108456707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          24325754                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      66694894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   14962614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5873175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     76828249                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1001726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               30281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1454626                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       459540                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          204                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7777949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               213350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         103600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.643771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.943909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                91056774     87.89%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  810107      0.78%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1760430      1.70%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  739408      0.71%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2516394      2.43%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  557837      0.54%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  633248      0.61%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  717698      0.69%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4808446      4.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           103600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.137959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.614945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                19762809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             73625982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  8017389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1725855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                468306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              492047                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                33030                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              58728782                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               102789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                468306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                20585060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               48251734                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      17899835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8819055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7576350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              56729728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               201548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2018005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                142949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3756211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           38050244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             69305662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        69181835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           114815                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             33467059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4583177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1358842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        197413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 12487165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8791454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5770533                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1295730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          947864                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  50680779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1726956                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 49798033                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            52306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5972660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2859786                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1187974                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    103600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.480674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.214257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           83011266     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8965198      8.65%     88.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3720190      3.59%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2652497      2.56%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2683429      2.59%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1272361      1.23%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             837773      0.81%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             348219      0.34%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             109409      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      103600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 174041     19.05%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                435557     47.67%     66.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               304020     33.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3780      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34383436     69.05%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               54432      0.11%     69.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              27661      0.06%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1883      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             8987932     18.05%     87.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5577936     11.20%     98.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            760973      1.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              49798033                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.459151                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     913618                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018346                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203658933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         58161397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48529720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             503398                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            236532                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       231367                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              50437037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 270834                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          558638                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1034329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4271                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17854                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       485625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       348593                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                468306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               44263410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1515089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           55600538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           120472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8791454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5770533                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1526368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 47186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1245112                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17854                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        151677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       326896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              478573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             49327282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8721913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           470750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      3192803                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14249477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7854369                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5527564                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.454811                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      48871282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     48761087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25232648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 34850080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.449590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6529157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         538982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           437949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102449449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.411753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     85074848     83.04%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6905483      6.74%     89.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3794087      3.70%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1998795      1.95%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1509892      1.47%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       553563      0.54%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       413229      0.40%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       408476      0.40%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1791076      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102449449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            48964739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              48964739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13042033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7757125                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     182252                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7421354                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    228314                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 45387875                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              614232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      2794177      5.71%      5.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32097051     65.55%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53183      0.11%     71.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         27190      0.06%     71.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1883      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7939377     16.21%     87.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5290905     10.81%     98.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       760973      1.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         48964739                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1791076                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   155949601                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  112132496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         444606                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        4856365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3701678908                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   46174329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     46174329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.348853                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.348853                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.425740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.425740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                65048250                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               35377381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   113752                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  114375                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1675774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                759002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2231724                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2231628                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13665                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13665                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           804733                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41559                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           14709                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          9717                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          24426                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           295921                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          295921                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1632137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3219560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       626624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       407513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5885834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     52223552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    123671600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     20051136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     14868394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              210814682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           92075                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3391171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            3.012307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.110253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                3349435     98.77%     98.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  41736      1.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3391171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4911486557                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3677796473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5655554210                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy        1411093549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         701201756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55217                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        41714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  125172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        52504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        78682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2740322                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             12481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           374418188                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42021755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           815495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.595712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            6922237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           816007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             8.483061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      26485869250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.595712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8594091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8594091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6922237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6922237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6922237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6922237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6922237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6922237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       855710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       855710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       855710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        855710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       855710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       855710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12231378721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12231378721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12231378721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12231378721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12231378721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12231378721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7777947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7777947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7777947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7777947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7777947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7777947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.836371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.836371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.836371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.836371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14293.836371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14293.836371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              181                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.160221                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        39566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        39566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        39566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        39566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        39566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        39566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       816144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       816144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       816144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       816144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       816144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       816144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10088624022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10088624022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10088624022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10088624022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10088624022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10088624022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12361.328420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12361.328420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12361.328420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12361.328420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12361.328420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12361.328420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1223787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.953471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9930066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1224299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.110818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         25151000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.953471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.988190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         53654077                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        53654077                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6167393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6167393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3426848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3426848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       149101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       149101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       171294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       171294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9594241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9594241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9594241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9594241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1498647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1498647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1667216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1667216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        19081                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19081                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         4721                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4721                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3165863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3165863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3165863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3165863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39188841077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39188841077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77581958562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77581958562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    288599741                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    288599741                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35650235                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     35650235                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116770799639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 116770799639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116770799639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 116770799639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7666040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7666040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5094064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5094064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       168182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       168182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       176015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       176015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12760104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12760104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12760104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12760104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.195492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.195492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.327286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113454                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.113454                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26149.480883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26149.480883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46533.837584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46533.837584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15124.979875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15124.979875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7551.416014                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7551.416014                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36884.350220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36884.350220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36884.350220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36884.350220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3791444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2983                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           159835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             87                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.720987                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    34.287356                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       710527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           710527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       518299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       518299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1417662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1417662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4443                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4443                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1935961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1935961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1935961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1935961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       980348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       980348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14638                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14638                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4721                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         4721                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1229902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1229902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1229902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1229902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27067717433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27067717433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11277928082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11277928082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147839258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147839258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26206765                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26206765                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38345645515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38345645515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38345645515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38345645515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1453124500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1453124500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2199080998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2199080998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3652205498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3652205498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087037                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087037                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026822                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026822                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27610.315350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27610.315350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45192.335454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45192.335454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10099.689712                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10099.689712                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5551.104639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5551.104639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31177.805642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31177.805642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31177.805642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31177.805642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                4639832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          4063901                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect            82203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             2874870                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                1132301                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            39.386164                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 224009                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7064                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2413283                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     10075                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            6                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  292262                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1597058                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2093                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          37                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 110264                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4010341                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     12168                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           43                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  402526                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     608432                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     5602                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          65                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 614034                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        19085086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8490084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      17874574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    4639832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1356310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      9216388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 327612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               26792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       219924                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        67319                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  1967111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                67009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          18184335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.982966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.394246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                15065350     82.85%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  205923      1.13%     83.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  307986      1.69%     85.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  226074      1.24%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  391185      2.15%     89.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  151633      0.83%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  170482      0.94%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  296956      1.63%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 1368746      7.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            18184335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.243113                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.936573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 6979571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              8518725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  2274233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               256003                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                155802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              137194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                 8084                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              14619784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                26597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                155802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 7159934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                 614392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       6924569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  2350603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               979033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              13886683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 9133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 71770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                 16856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                365854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            9047331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             16422939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        16337871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            78141                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              7835755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1211576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            562751                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         58900                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  2353285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             2494844                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1679253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           277357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          156260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12201401                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             661557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11978627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            22551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1735034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       788886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        473891                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     18184335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.658733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.375592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13164849     72.40%     72.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2231541     12.27%     84.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             929377      5.11%     89.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             639609      3.52%     93.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             582340      3.20%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             317160      1.74%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             211313      1.16%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              78701      0.43%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29445      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       18184335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  24291      8.14%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      8.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                162499     54.43%     62.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               111756     37.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3518      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              7464610     62.32%     62.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20078      0.17%     62.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     62.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12377      0.10%     62.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1759      0.01%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2524426     21.07%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1623488     13.55%     97.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            328371      2.74%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              11978627                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.627643                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     298546                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.024923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42145115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14453685                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11556214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             317571                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            148430                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       146304                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              12102736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 170919                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          117615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       314973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1097                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4259                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          424                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        56672                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                155802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 328818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               249531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13597003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            38106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2494844                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1679253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            593871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               243688                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4259                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120039                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              157619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11824953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2433073                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           153674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       734045                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     4040076                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 1766091                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1607003                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.619591                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      11733612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     11702518                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  5498346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7839453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.613176                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.701369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1874564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         187666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           145503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     17835799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.653281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.639800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     13664737     76.61%     76.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1906046     10.69%     87.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       699754      3.92%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       424730      2.38%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       316948      1.78%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       133544      0.75%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       114109      0.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       155571      0.87%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       420360      2.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     17835799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            11651787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              11651787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       3713677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      2179871                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      62781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   1664922                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    144632                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 10748857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              187454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       614300      5.27%      5.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6897823     59.20%     64.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          19873      0.17%     64.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12372      0.11%     64.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1759      0.02%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2242652     19.25%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1534637     13.17%     97.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       328371      2.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         11651787                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               420360                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    30855147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   27397116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         166983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         900751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3790431319                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   11041005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11041005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.728564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.728564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.578515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.578515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                15169687                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                8276758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    77475                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   77542                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                1124646                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                280447                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           312757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          471.042243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1644085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           313269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             5.248157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1879134143250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   471.042243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.920004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2280436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         2280436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1644085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1644085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1644085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1644085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1644085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1644085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       323026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       323026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       323026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        323026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       323026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       323026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4370273976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4370273976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4370273976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4370273976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4370273976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4370273976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1967111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1967111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1967111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1967111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1967111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1967111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.164213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.164213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.164213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.164213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.164213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.170952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.170952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.170952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.170952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.170952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.170952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          341                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.208333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         9701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       313325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       313325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       313325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       313325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       313325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       313325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3639863451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639863451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3639863451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639863451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3639863451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639863451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11616.894442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11616.894442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11616.894442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11616.894442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11616.894442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11616.894442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           140166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.227589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3241153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           140473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.073139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      39570817000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   492.227589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.961382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.599609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15302146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15302146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1936775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1936775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1212075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1212075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        45668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        45668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        44613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3148850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3148850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3148850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3148850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       269383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       269383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       265424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       265424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         8139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         4996                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4996                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       534807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        534807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       534807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       534807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4084517434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4084517434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8552113041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8552113041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77678496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     77678496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36778735                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     36778735                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12636630475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12636630475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12636630475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12636630475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2206158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2206158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1477499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1477499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        53807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        53807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        49609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3683657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3683657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3683657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3683657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.122105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.179644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.179644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.151263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100708                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100708                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.145184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.145184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15162.491449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15162.491449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32220.571768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32220.571768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9543.985256                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9543.985256                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7361.636309                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7361.636309                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23628.393935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23628.393935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23628.393935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23628.393935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       376916                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            18544                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets             11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.325496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    31.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        94206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            94206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       165989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       165989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       215339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       215339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          655                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       381328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       381328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       381328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       381328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       103394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7484                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7484                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4996                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         4996                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       153479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       153479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       153479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       153479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1212902508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1212902508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1317911046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1317911046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     54853004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54853004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26784265                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26784265                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2530813554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2530813554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2530813554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2530813554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     29140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     29140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    708818500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    708818500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    737958500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    737958500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033899                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033899                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139090                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139090                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100708                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100708                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11730.879045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11730.879045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26313.487990                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26313.487990                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7329.369856                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7329.369856                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5361.141914                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5361.141914                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16489.640628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16489.640628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16489.640628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16489.640628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6701                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    170162                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   59106     40.33%     40.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1925      1.31%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    339      0.23%     41.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  85060     58.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              146561                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    58406     49.14%     49.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1925      1.62%     50.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     339      0.29%     51.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   58067     48.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               118868                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1864755925000     97.88%     97.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               61031500      0.00%     97.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              543238000      0.03%     97.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              152147500      0.01%     97.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            39554606000      2.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1905066948000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.988157                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682659                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811048                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.56%      3.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.44%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.78%     13.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.67%     28.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.44%     28.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.00%     32.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.44%     37.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.67%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.44%     40.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.33%     41.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.11%     44.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.89%     45.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.00%     61.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.33%     63.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.44%     67.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.44%     72.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.44%     72.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.67%     75.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       25     11.11%     86.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.33%     87.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.67%     90.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.44%     90.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.33%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.89%     96.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.89%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.44%     98.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.89%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.89%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   225                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  439      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3223      2.08%      2.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      50      0.03%      2.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               139738     90.30%     92.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6333      4.09%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4427      2.86%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 382      0.25%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     138      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                154756                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6973                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1341                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1340                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1341                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.192170                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.322468                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1903068198000     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          1998742000      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3224                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2621                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     71304                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   23839     38.11%     38.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1924      3.08%     41.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    439      0.70%     41.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  36346     58.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               62548                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    23162     48.01%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1924      3.99%     51.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     439      0.91%     52.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   22723     47.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                48248                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1872982420000     98.33%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              531501500      0.03%     98.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              197949500      0.01%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            31046317000      1.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1904758188000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.971601                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.625186                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.771376                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.89%     10.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      8.91%     19.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.99%     20.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.94%     26.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.97%     29.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.97%     32.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.96%     36.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.82%     54.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.97%     57.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.99%     58.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       29     28.71%     87.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.90%     97.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.97%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   101                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  339      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1674      2.58%      3.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                56749     87.55%     90.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2425      3.74%     94.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3435      5.30%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 133      0.21%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 64819                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1725                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                395                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2719                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                758                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  395                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  363                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.439420                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.133505                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.313288                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6292990000      0.33%      0.33% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           709362000      0.04%      0.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1897439269000     99.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1675                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
