
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.537826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                537826498500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537826498500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 182992                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              153620567                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 318916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3501.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   640655084                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     788730743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          18593984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18593984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4230272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4230272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             290531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                290531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             34572458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                34572458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          306895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             306895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7865496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7865496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7865496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            34572458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               42437954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        290531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66098                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      290531                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66098                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18574784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     19200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4228736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18593984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4230272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               18291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               17939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               17964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              18079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    537826410500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  290531                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66098                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    289832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       111650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      204.222194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     132.352958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     255.940958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          47308     42.37%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43452     38.92%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8609      7.71%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          837      0.75%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1286      1.15%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1285      1.15%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          530      0.47%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          473      0.42%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7870      7.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         111650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        48.550786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       36.062915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      507.683026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           4004     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.489643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.468091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.860070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3025     75.49%     75.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                  3      0.07%     75.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                978     24.41%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     3341982750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                8783814000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1451155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11514.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30264.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          34.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       34.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        7.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     194589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50052                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   67.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1508083.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      68.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     253474796750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       17958980000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      266386143250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 422248680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 421734600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 230393625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 230113125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               1134268200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               1129057800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               215634960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               212524560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           35127764880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           35127764880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          108230961600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          107988304905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          227752503750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          227965360500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            373113775695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            373074860370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             693.752260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             693.679903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              224439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             224439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       647160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 647160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22824256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22824256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            356629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  356629    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              356629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           974401000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2738560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               154837020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         104970668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          12892448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            106220966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                82647169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             77.806832                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                19441660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  673                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1075652997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   640655084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     788730743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      25219021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.678989                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.595596                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1020176456                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        55476541                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1711.183580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           289999264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             25347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          11441.167160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1711.183580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.835539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.854492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         580074571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        580074571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    289999264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       289999264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     289999264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        289999264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    289999264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       289999264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         25348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          25348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         25348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480691746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    480691746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480691746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    480691746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480691746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    480691746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    290024612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    290024612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    290024612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    290024612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    290024612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    290024612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18963.695203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18963.695203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18963.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18963.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18963.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18963.695203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        25348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    428895254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428895254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    428895254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428895254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    428895254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428895254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16920.279864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16920.279864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16920.279864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16920.279864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16920.279864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16920.279864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         738445                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        738444                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        91420                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69323                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69323                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        50695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1656260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1706955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1622208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55925760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           57547968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       899188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5             899188    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         899188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      541014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      38571746                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1224928725                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           257750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32583.011088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             539180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           290494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.856080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2866.114553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 29716.896535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.906888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          7553321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         7553321                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       513976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         513976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        91420                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        91420                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst         3231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         3231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       517207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          517207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       517207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         517207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       224469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       224469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst        66092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       290561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        290561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       290561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       290561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16739408750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16739408750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4422117750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4422117750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21161526500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21161526500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21161526500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21161526500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       738445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       738445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        91420                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        91420                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst        69323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       807768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       807768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       807768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       807768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.303975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.303975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.953392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.359708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.359708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74573.365364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74573.365364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66908.517672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66908.517672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72829.892862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72829.892862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72829.892862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72829.892862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       224440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        66092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       290532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       290532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       290532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       290532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13904175250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13904175250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3593710250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593710250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17497885500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17497885500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17497885500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17497885500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.303936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.953392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.359673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61950.522411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61950.522411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54374.360740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54374.360740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60227.050721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60227.050721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60227.050721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60227.050721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            778324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.650508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           378453595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            782420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            483.696218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         745524250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4092.650508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         759392478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        759392478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    249628224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       249628224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst    128813893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      128813893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst         5739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     378442117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        378442117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    378442117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       378442117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       713850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        713850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       137584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       851434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         851434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       851434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        851434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  23700601220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23700601220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9183787250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9183787250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  32884388470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32884388470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  32884388470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32884388470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    250342074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    250342074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst    128951477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    128951477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    379293551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    379293551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    379293551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    379293551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33201.094376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33201.094376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66750.401573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66750.401573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38622.357658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38622.357658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38622.357658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38622.357658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        91420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             91420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        68261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        69014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        69014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       713097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       713097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        69323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       782420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       782420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       782420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       782420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22188801525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22188801525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4523752250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4523752250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  26712553775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26712553775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  26712553775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26712553775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31116.105558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31116.105558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65256.152359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65256.152359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34140.939361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34140.939361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34140.939361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34140.939361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
