
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 51.861029                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                51861029093000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51861029093000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 655308                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   770071                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            39176575505                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 667356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1323.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   867480679                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1019401547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           132                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           96                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        385536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       227072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       396672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          2360360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         30329136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       251456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       422720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          2259596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         29551000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             66183548                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2360360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2259596                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         4619956                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     36744512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      6826496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      49590532                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      50357856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total         143519396                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           6024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             64295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            473896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst             48299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            461744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1074538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          574133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide        106664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           774853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           789092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              2244742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             7434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          4378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          7649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               45513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              584816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          4849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          8151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               43570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              569811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1276171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          45513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          43570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              89083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            708519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          131631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             956220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             971015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2767384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            708519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          139065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         4378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         7649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              45513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1541035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         4849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         8151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              43570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1540827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4043555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1074538                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      2244742                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1074538                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    2244742                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 68582272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    188160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 138957696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  66183548                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              143519396                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     2940                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   73507                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          34757                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               71255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               63640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               66612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               61740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               60545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               71198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               58053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               57022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               61158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              112029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              66876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              66235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              62785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              68778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              63805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              59867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              127784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              113302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              227736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              110987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              128170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              133310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              113658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              104648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              114567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              129854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             127393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             118149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             133562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             181801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             180172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             126121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          18                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    51861026536500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                   43101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1031422                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                2242169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1023941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     42084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    85670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                   108888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                   136245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                   120874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   128354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   124706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   123045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   137746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   127099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   129811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   118729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   118092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   115613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   114537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                   111395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                   110878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                   111594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                   108741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     2684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     1664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     1283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       634955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      326.856851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     182.109909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     357.606066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         251774     39.65%     39.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       143572     22.61%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53819      8.48%     70.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        28426      4.48%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19160      3.02%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14370      2.26%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10671      1.68%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11114      1.75%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       102049     16.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         634955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples        109417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean         9.793551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      155.538286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         109409     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total          109417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples        109417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.843480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.459226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        5.174824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                51      0.05%      0.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                17      0.02%      0.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11               14      0.01%      0.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15             145      0.13%      0.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           52162     47.67%     47.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           51235     46.83%     94.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27            1984      1.81%     96.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            1760      1.61%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             951      0.87%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             159      0.15%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             147      0.13%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              71      0.06%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              99      0.09%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              20      0.02%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              21      0.02%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              18      0.02%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             372      0.34%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              33      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              39      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              25      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              36      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               9      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             4      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             4      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             9      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             4      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            13      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total          109417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    11994975500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               32087438000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   5357990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11193.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29943.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     810923                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1796931                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   75.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15624179.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49513780638000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1731753660000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      615493469500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                2375299080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                2424960720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                1296046125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1323143250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               3978491400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               4379902800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              6866175600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              7203291120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3387310158960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3387310158960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1391264257590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1403130352860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          29896208916750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          29885800061250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            34689299345505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            34691571870960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.889557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.933377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              477149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             477149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              33873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             33873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            574133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1668036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1668036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            34762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           34763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            634040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           634040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5908571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6038767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       228229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       228229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6266996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    202490912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    202661260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      7212032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7212032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               209873292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3311225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 3311225    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3311225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           107353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5576998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         22591732739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        12337625717                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          186623209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   742012                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64270.398590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                   26902368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   803524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    33.480478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             13975543266000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   37175.370722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   164.612464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   268.035680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3943.940555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     8908.960135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   136.845941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   225.029794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3060.985707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    10386.617592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.567251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.060180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.135940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.003434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.046707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.158487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.980688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        61083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006546                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.932053                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                254875429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses               254875429                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       223794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       158122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst            6853057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data            3117827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       234015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       160485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst            6849994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data            3144760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total               20742054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6657868                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              6657868                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            4874                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            5098                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9972                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           711006                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           709189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total              1420195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        223794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        158122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst             6853057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data             3828833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        234015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker        160485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst             6849994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data             3853949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                22162249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       223794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       158122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst            6853057                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data            3828833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       234015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       160485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst            6849994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data            3853949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total               22162249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            35053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           148459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            34440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           153129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               391361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         17026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         17173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             34199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         325694                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data         308906                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             634600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             35053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            474153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             34440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            462035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1025961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            35053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           474153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            34440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           462035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1025961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    271265250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    475692750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598038248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11061711998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    302325750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    515009500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2549880993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11342604999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    29116529488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    204473722                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    203951249                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    408424971                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        23499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        23499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23498160740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22115873200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  45614033940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    271265250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    475692750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598038248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34559872738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    302325750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    515009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2549880993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33458478199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     74730563428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    271265250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    475692750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2598038248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34559872738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    302325750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    515009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2549880993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33458478199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    74730563428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       227342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       164320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        6888110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        3266286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       237944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       167090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        6884434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        3297889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total           21133415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6657868                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          6657868                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21900                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        22271                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           44171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1036700                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1018095                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2054795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       227342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       164320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         6888110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         4302986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       237944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       167090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         6884434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         4315984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total            23188210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       227342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       164320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        6888110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        4302986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       237944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       167090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        6884434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        4315984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total           23188210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.005089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.045452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.046432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.771092                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.774241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.303416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.308839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.110192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.107052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.044245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.005089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.110192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.107052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.044245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76455.820180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 76749.394966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74117.429264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74510.214928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76947.251209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77972.672218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74038.356359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74072.220148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74398.137495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12009.498532                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11876.273744                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11942.599813                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        23499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23499                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72147.969382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71594.184639                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71878.402049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76455.820180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 76749.394966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74117.429264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72887.596911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76947.251209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77972.672218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74038.356359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72415.462463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72839.575216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76455.820180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 76749.394966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74117.429264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72887.596911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76947.251209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77972.672218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74038.356359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72415.462463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72839.575216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              574133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   574133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        35053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       148459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       153129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          391361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17173                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        34199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       325694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       308906                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        634600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        35053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       474153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       462035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total          1025961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        35053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       474153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       462035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total         1025961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    227345750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399113250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2153950252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9192788002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    253621250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    433387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2113544507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9415706501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24189457012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15500196009                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  15731390003                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31231586012                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170328525                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    171847671                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342176196                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19341366760                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18175312800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37516679560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    227345750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399113250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2153950252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28534154762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    253621250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    433387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2113544507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  27591019301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61706136572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    227345750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    399113250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2153950252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28534154762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    253621250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    433387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2113544507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  27591019301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61706136572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1524532500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2513836750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    724437500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2774658752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7537465502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2415529500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2751057500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5166587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1524532500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4929366250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    724437500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5525716252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12704052502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.771092                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.303416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.107052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.015606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.037719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.107052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 64077.156144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64393.877057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61448.385359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61921.392452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 64551.094426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65615.064345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61368.888124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61488.721934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61808.552748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10004.024727                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10006.852093                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10005.444487                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59385.087720                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58837.681366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59118.625213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 64077.156144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64393.877057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61448.385359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60179.213802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 64551.094426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65615.064345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61368.888124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59716.297036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60144.719509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 64077.156144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64393.877057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61448.385359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60179.213802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 64551.094426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65615.064345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61368.888124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59716.297036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60144.719509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             149                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              149                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           18                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1666                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6826496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1669                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           21596881                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          21588675                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             33873                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            33873                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          6657868                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1668053                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1561372                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           44174                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          44175                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2054795                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2054795                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27631338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27242891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       786774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      1184296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              56845299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    881615316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1077879160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      2651280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      3722288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             1965868044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          493907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31944858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.003617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.060036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5               31829300     99.64%     99.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                 115558      0.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           31944858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        48864007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          3007500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       62042103256                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       39821087024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         456077500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         719536250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             136733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       231002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       231002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7334440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7334440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7492846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           981115277                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           179046791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    81298671                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     94598                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   74077534                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    29691                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                       51863                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              19908                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    526                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   72449                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  4385                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                     9644                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                81393269                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               74107225                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        155376205                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         124289                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    155500494                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   433719693                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     76771                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                       51863                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              19908                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    526                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   53078                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               433796464                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        433719693                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          76771                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    433796464                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                     51861670459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  433465167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    509426348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            467950836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                437595                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   25817816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     66030471                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   467950836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       437595                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          681169150                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         371166205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              709571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             361724                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           113513031                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          113190912                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    155365727                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   81295009                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  74070718                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              50261080538.032112                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1600589920.967886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030863                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969137                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         96751437                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                353168573     69.29%     69.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 1074186      0.21%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    48850      0.01%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             52802      0.01%     69.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                81295009     15.95%     85.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               74070718     14.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 509710139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   16204                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         13772027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.894677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          854244882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         13772539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.025229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      31522505250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   257.415454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   254.479223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.502765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.497030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        881789970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       881789970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    426831583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    427413299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      854244882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    426831583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    427413299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       854244882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    426831583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    427413299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      854244882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13772544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      13772544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     13772544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  92034347501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  91949004755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 183983352256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  92034347501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  91949004755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 183983352256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  92034347501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  91949004755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 183983352256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    433719693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    434297733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    868017426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    433719693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    434297733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    868017426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    433719693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    434297733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    868017426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13361.335330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13356.073245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13358.704990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13361.335330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13356.073245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13358.704990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13361.335330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13356.073245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13358.704990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13772544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13772544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6888110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      6884434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13772544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  78245563999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  78167770745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 156413334744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  78245563999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  78167770745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 156413334744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  78245563999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  78167770745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 156413334744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1919614500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    912090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2831704500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1919614500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    912090000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2831704500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11359.511390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11354.277018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11356.894902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11359.511390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11354.277018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11356.894902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11359.511390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11354.277018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11356.894902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          9844382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.969698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          301160300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          9844894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.590507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       3092948250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   231.008949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   280.960750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.451189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.548751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1254251724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1254251724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     76026969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     76417394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      152444363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     70302658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     70301847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     140604505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       192417                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       194709                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       387126                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       774852                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       786520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total      1561372                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1759844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data      1765909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3525753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      1907304                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data      1911679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3818983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    146329627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    146719241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       293048868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    146522044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    146913950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      293435994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2535096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      2582985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5118081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1068169                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1052040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2120209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       619845                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       606565                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1226410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       148352                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       146540                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       294892                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3603265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      3635025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       7238290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      4223110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      4241590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      8464700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40091643502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  40963569001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81055212503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35409870035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33994777971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  69404648006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2096828250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2109514250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4206342500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26501                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  75501513537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74958346972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150459860509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  75501513537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74958346972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150459860509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     78562065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     79000379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    157562444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     71370827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     71353887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    142724714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       812262                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       801274                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1613536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       774852                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       786520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1561372                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1908196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1912449                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3820645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1907305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1911679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3818984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    149932892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    150354266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    300287158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    150745154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    151155540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    301900694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763110                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.757001                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.760076                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077745                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.076624                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077184                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15814.645087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15859.003827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15837.031986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33150.063365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32313.199090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32734.814354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14134.142108                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14395.484168                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14264.010214                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20953.638863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20621.136573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20786.658245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17878.178294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17672.228332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17774.978500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                1561372                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6657868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          6657868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         2635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        11674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        21243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        34459                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        35374                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        69833                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        14309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        26251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        14309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        26251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2532723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2580350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5113073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1058600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1040366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2098966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       619670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       606373                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total      1226043                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       113893                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       111166                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       225059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3591323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3620716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7212039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4210993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4227089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8438082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34851412248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  35605867999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70457280247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32909222465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  31498383779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64407606244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9405033000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9253843000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18658876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25180083991                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  25557110497                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50737194488                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1372984750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1359653250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2732638000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        24499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24499                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  67760634713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67104251778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 134864886491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77165667713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  76358094778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153523762491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2724103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3004117998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5728220998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2593769750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2980348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5574117750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5317872750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5984465998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11302338748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762894                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.756761                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759849                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059686                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.058128                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13760.451596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13798.852093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13779.830690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31087.495244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30276.252568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30685.397593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15177.486404                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15260.974681                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15218.777808                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12055.040696                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12230.837216                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.873909                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        24499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        24499                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18867.875352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18533.420400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18699.966333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18324.815005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18063.990320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18194.153896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    81731723                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     99102                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   74078403                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    30075                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                       51867                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              20925                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   72169                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  4438                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                     9782                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                81830825                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               74108478                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        155810126                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         129177                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    155939303                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   434297733                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     78021                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                       51867                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              20925                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    515                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   53659                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               434375754                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        434297733                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          78021                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    434375754                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                     51860387727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  434015512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    509975199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            468434913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                458508                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   25828963                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     66119194                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   468434913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       458508                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          681011171                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         371474138                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              735722                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             396908                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           113358693                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          113081851                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    155802990                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   81728236                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  74074754                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              50263670387.895683                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1596717339.104316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.030789                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.969211                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         96920557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                353254188     69.23%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1106936      0.22%     69.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    48650      0.01%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  8      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 13      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 21      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             58473      0.01%     69.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                81728236     16.02%     85.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               74074754     14.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 510271279                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115483                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               10.461502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         13154061165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     5.844281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     4.617221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.365268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.288576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.653844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1039906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1039906                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide            5                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8877                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1908690112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1914175112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1908690112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1914514112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1908690112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1914514112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106669                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106669                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 148243.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 215988.470295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215706.007663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 215988.470295                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215671.297961                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       145600                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 215988.470295                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215671.297961                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         51929                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.458834                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                     106664                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1449081112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452642112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   6526726956                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6526726956                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1449081112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452825112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1449081112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452825112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 96243.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 163978.851646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163696.429119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 163978.851646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163661.722654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        93600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 163978.851646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163661.722654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
