
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.685447                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5685447202500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               22027946657500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1488201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1841686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2572796454                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 892172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2209.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3288673826                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4069816718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          6024                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1442432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      1268672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst        38031744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       153386752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::l2.prefetcher    504432320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::realview.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          698565952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     38031744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      38031744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    141950720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::realview.ide      2539520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       144490240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           594246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2396668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::l2.prefetcher      7881755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::realview.ide           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10915093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2217980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::realview.ide        39680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2257660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       253706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       223144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            6689314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           26978837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::l2.prefetcher      88723420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::realview.ide            709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             122869130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       6689314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          6689314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        24967380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::realview.ide        446670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             25414050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        24967380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       253706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       223144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           6689314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          26978837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::l2.prefetcher     88723420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::realview.ide        447379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            148283180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10915093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2257660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10915093                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2257660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              697228992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1336960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               144486912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               698565952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            144490240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  20890                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       108447                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            937126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            610266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            679095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            767426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            794866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            492657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            571928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            530452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            462261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            573100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           444117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           741288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           793366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           782333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           661401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1052521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            131991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            102624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            105954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            149039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            241091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            193590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            108832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             45175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             70162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            206819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           123988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           178345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           168275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           159939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           183929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  5685447202500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              10915093                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              2257660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5205657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1562943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1271719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1233327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                  961533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                  330116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                  177709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                  125380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   15615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                    4521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                   2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                   1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                    527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                    357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                    249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                    117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  86676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  94100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 124123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 136879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 139151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 131306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 129544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 129243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 128715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 128655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 128568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 128564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 128564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 128437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 128432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 128404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 128363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 128346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3409121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    246.900890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.390911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   275.477582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1522436     44.66%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       819154     24.03%     68.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       295466      8.67%     77.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       167194      4.90%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       168039      4.93%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       139048      4.08%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        68658      2.01%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        37955      1.11%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       191171      5.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3409121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       128307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      84.907215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.346320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          58799     45.83%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127        47549     37.06%     82.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191        13718     10.69%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255         5664      4.41%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319         1827      1.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383          509      0.40%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447          152      0.12%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           63      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           22      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        128307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       128307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.595361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.559601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.114758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            35952     28.02%     28.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             5424      4.23%     32.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            63383     49.40%     81.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19            22194     17.30%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             1109      0.86%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              123      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               60      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               20      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               17      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               15      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        128307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 153152947971                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            357419254221                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                54471015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14058.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32808.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       122.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        25.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    122.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     25.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  8420907                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1321777                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                58.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     431606.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3377408825022                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::REF    189849400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT    2118183521228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.actEnergy::0             76573410480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.actEnergy::1             77730952320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.preEnergy::0             41781126750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.preEnergy::1             42412722000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.readEnergy::0           247156533000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.readEnergy::1           267427336800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.writeEnergy::0           42124542480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.writeEnergy::1           39464534880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.refreshEnergy::0        1438757941920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.refreshEnergy::1        1438757941920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.actBackEnergy::0        7146259950915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.actBackEnergy::1        7302439379205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.preBackEnergy::0        6948114909750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.preBackEnergy::1        6811115411250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.totalEnergy::0          15940768415295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.totalEnergy::1          15979348278375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.averagePower::0           723.661333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.averagePower::1           725.412739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.bytes_read::realview.clcd    272848032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.vram.bytes_read::total      272848032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.vram.bytes_written::cpu.data         7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.realview.vram.bytes_written::total         7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.realview.vram.num_reads::realview.clcd     34106004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.vram.num_reads::total        34106004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.vram.num_writes::cpu.data         1856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.vram.num_writes::total           1856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.vram.bw_read::realview.clcd     47990602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_read::total          47990602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_write::cpu.data          1306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_write::total             1306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_total::cpu.data          1306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_total::realview.clcd     47990602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.vram.bw_total::total         47991907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   620                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2539520                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          620                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1250                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    287495079                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     274439                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   212985746                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     55380                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            3                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               45705                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     987                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                    76367                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                  10917                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                     23848                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                287769518                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               213041126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                         500480825                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                          329819                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                     500810644                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   1426221415                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                     177680                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            3                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               45705                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     987                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                    53909                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               1426399095                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                        1426221415                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                          177680                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                    1426399095                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       4548357762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1240225554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1484950830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1236672231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              136005322                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    46235634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    150902543                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1236672231                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                     136005322                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2890857476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          891888694                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            272260930                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           179348474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           5292466064                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           666576613                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     510561253                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   292554192                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  218007061                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4901570.890399                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               4543456191.109601                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.998922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.001078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         216909134                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                629151      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 884513139     59.02%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                  1851985      0.12%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            15210403      1.01%     60.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp             5460801      0.36%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            14613698      0.98%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             1912001      0.13%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           28730271      1.92%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult           18433600      1.23%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc        16251200      1.08%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             409600      0.03%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                292554192     19.52%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               218007061     14.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1498577102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                   575959                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9876656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           490392052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9876912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             49.650341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2011632184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2011632184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    277494299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       277494299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    208741785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      208741785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data       389139                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        389139                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data      1802997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1802997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data      1899091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1899091                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     486236084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        486236084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    486625223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       486625223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      6563103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       6563103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2313188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2313188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data      1137587                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1137587                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        97689                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        97689                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8876291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8876291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10013878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10013878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 372061332195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 372061332195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 111654375356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 111654375356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10488557934                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total  10488557934                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       308038                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       308038                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 483715707551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 483715707551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 483715707551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 483715707551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    284057402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    284057402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    211054973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    211054973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data      1526726                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1526726                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1900686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1900686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data      1899095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1899095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    495112375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    495112375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    496639101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    496639101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.745115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.745115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051397                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.051397                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56689.851157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56689.851157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48268.612562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48268.612562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107366.826705                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107366.826705                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77009.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77009.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54495.251175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54495.251175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48304.533723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48304.533723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       994951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             58096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.125981                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4307749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4307749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        50867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        50867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        50867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6512236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6512236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2313188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2313188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1008858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total      1008858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        97689                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        97689                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8825424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8825424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9834282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9834282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 331512890843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 331512890843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  99690356320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  99690356320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 161030193286                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 161030193286                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9953020386                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9953020386                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       284462                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       284462                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 431203247163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 431203247163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 592233440449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 592233440449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2440939938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2440939938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1734674233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1734674233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   4175614171                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4175614171                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.660798                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660798                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051397                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051397                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50906.154329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50906.154329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43096.521476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43096.521476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 159616.311994                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159616.311994                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101884.760679                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101884.760679                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71115.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71115.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48859.210296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48859.210296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60221.319711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60221.319711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           8134848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1418096410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           8135104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            174.318166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5713020508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5713020508                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1418086567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1418086567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1418086567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1418086567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1418086567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1418086567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       8134848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        8134848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       8134848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 382906698195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 382906698195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 382906698195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 382906698195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 382906698195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 382906698195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1426221415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1426221415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1426221415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1426221415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1426221415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1426221415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47069.926592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47069.926592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47069.926592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47069.926592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47069.926592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47069.926592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8134848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8134848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      8134848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8134848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 341455985753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 341455985753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 341455985753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 341455985753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 341455985753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 341455985753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41974.476444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41974.476444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41974.476444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41974.476444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41974.476444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41974.476444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             34115074                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            34115059                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               46165                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              46662                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          497                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio         3064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         8752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.vram.port         3712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         8736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        31234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.realview.vram.port     68211993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     68211993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        80230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        80230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                68323457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio         3064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        13940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio        17504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.vram.port         7424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.realview.vram.port    272847912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    272847912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2546584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2546584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                275441300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             16668408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy             20993640                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy             36643992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy        205476929184                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            39469248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy          2161786417                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           169451592                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy        410909008872                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           393009290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                40111                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.999874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                40127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide    15.999874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               365011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              365011                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        39680                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        39680                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide          497                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          497                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              435                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide    342639809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    342639809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide    342639809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    342639809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide    342639809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    342639809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        40177                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        40177                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.012370                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.012370                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 787677.721839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787677.721839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 787677.721839                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787677.721839                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 787677.721839                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787677.721839                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           528                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.733333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      39680                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide    204237703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204237703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide  17795244620                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17795244620                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide    204237703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204237703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide    204237703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204237703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 469511.960920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469511.960920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 469511.960920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469511.960920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 469511.960920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469511.960920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     75830130                       # number of hwpf identified
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      3251146                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     64220714                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher       149768                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         5676                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      8202826                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      5590318                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.l2.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10943524                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4054.260631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17538503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10947592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.602042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      497.464301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     8.630859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     5.094459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        288.136424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        998.397267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::l2.prefetcher  2256.537320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.121451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.001244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.070346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.243749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::l2.prefetcher     0.550912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          2346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         1769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.572754                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.419678                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 197442208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                197442208                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         394171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         218781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst              7434242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data              5431203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13478397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          4307749                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               4307749                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data               649                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  649                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1979750                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1979750                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker          394171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker          218781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               7434242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               7410953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 15458147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         394171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         218781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              7434242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              7410953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                15458147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst             700606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2187580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               2930547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           54666                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              54666                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           278123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              278123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         22538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         19823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              700606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2465703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3208670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             700606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2465703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3208670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   3838802370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   3352324774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 128376270131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 347189408917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482756806192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     72003713                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     72003713                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       274462                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       274462                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40508480916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   40508480916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   3838802370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   3352324774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  128376270131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  387697889833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     523265287108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   3838802370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   3352324774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 128376270131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 387697889833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    523265287108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       416709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       238604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          8134848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          7618783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16408944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4307749                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           4307749                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         55315                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            55315                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2257873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2257873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       416709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       238604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           8134848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           9876656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18666817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       416709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker       238604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          8134848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          9876656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18666817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.086124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.287130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.178594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.988267                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.988267                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.123179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.123179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.086124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.249650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.171892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.086124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.249650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.171892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 170325.777354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 169112.887757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 183236.041557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 158709.354134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164732.661238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  1317.157154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1317.157154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68615.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68615.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 145649.518077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145649.518077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 170325.777354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 169112.887757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 183236.041557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157236.248580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163078.561244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 170325.777354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 169112.887757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 183236.041557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 157236.248580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163078.561244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              21898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                       633                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      34.593997                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2217979                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2217979                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          107565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           14401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total             121966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           107565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            15390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total              122955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          107565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           15390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total             122955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        593041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2173179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          2808581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher      8202821                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        8202821                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        54666                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         54666                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       277134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         277134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         593041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2450313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           3085715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        22538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        19823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        593041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2450313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher      8202821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         11288536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   2948409878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   2572217398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  94245615374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 259886326801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 359652569451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 1881647691630                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881647691630                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1607041134                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1607041134                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       100004                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       100004                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29328749850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29328749850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   2948409878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   2572217398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  94245615374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 289215076651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 388981319301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   2948409878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker   2572217398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  94245615374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 289215076651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 1881647691630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270629010931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2025304486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2025304486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1466209917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1466209917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3491514403                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3491514403                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.072901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.285240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.171162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.988267                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988267                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.122741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.072901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.165305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.054086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.083079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.072901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.604738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 130819.499423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 129759.239167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158919.223754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119588.090443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128054.903687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 229390.314823                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229390.314823                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29397.452420                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29397.452420                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        25001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        25001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105828.768213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105828.768213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 130819.499423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 129759.239167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158919.223754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118031.890885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126058.731704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 130819.499423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 129759.239167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 158919.223754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118031.890885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 229390.314823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201144.684389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            10702367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10702362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               7823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              7823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           2217980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        39680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        39680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           108443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          108447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            223363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           223363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        79858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        79858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        31234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24264929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24301105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24380963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2543552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2543552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    840512320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    840569008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               843112560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              372                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13281572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                13281572    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13281572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           179391924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26592243                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        209582555923                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          353430574                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       603321244886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16736678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16736485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          4307749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq         13701644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        39680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           55315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          55319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2257873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2257873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16269696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24208117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       589340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1038320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              42105473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    520630272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    907874096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       954416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1666836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1431125620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        14059035                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         37088741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.370510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5               23346982     62.95%     62.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6               13741759     37.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           37088741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        39987281668                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       30893916221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       38567439930                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         888579244                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        1567515542                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
