
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.182263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1182263011500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1182263011500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 317111                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   317111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205274325                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 237352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5759.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         125507520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125507520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        61184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           61184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65168128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65168128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            1961055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1961055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1018252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1018252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            106158713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               106158713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           51752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              51752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          55121515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               55121515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          55121515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           106158713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              161280228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1961055                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1018252                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1961055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1018252                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                125426368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     81152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  65166528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 125507520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               65168128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1268                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              118756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              114094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              116231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              117777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              117824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              117524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              119883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              124524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              126980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              130091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             128645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             130349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             126066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             125260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             122596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             123187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               61220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               61486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               60567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               61241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               61658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               63102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               64150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               65615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               65332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               65779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              65299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              65643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              64166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              64211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              64571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              64187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1182262901500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1961055                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1018252                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1833329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    126440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    29905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    31308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    55107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    59278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    59796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    60055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    60083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    60071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    59993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    60069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    60024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    60155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    60608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    60785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    60198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    61396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    59839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    59485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1836557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      103.775367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean      81.104101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     130.072591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127        1457072     79.34%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       262826     14.31%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        49283      2.68%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20722      1.13%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12908      0.70%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7083      0.39%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5369      0.29%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4081      0.22%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17213      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1836557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         59478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        32.947897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      162.231607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          59437     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           16      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            8      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           59478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         59478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.119389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.083537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        1.112675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              28008     47.09%     47.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17               1262      2.12%     49.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18              25918     43.58%     92.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               3789      6.37%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                422      0.71%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 60      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 14      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::25                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           59478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    36992521000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               73738527250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   9798935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18875.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  37625.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         106.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          55.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      106.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       55.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     727653                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    413795                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   37.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  40.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       396824.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      38.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     385836572500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       39478140000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      756941975000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                6738530400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                7145810280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                3676777500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                3899003625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               7383534600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               7902102000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              3233772720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              3364338240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           77219241840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           77219241840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          405130664925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          418464065025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          353976228000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          342280263000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            857358749985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            860274824010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             725.188336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             727.654868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1181608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1181608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1018252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            779447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           779447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4940362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4940362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    190675648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               190675648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2979307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2979307    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2979307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11933178500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        18493465250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               244422779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         184893031                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          15656805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            166159806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               163963467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.678177                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18313255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             100190                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    452570621                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    4982980                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                457553601                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   161352620                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1708824                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               163061444                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    613923241                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6691804                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                620615045                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   591467838                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        19                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               591467857                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2364526023                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      49659953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.294653                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.772408                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      2043503290                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       321022733                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           749.760915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           591466882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          618689.207113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   749.760915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.366094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.366094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.465332                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1182936632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1182936632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    591466882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       591466882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     591466882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        591466882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    591466882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       591466882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70103250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70103250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70103250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70103250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70103250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70103250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    591467838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    591467838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    591467838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    591467838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    591467838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    591467838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73329.759414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73329.759414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73329.759414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73329.759414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73329.759414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73329.759414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67802750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67802750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67802750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67802750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67802750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67802750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.378661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70923.378661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.378661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70923.378661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70923.378661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70923.378661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7239710                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7239710                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3700618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1887318                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1887318                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     21952762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          21954674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        61184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    820908160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          820969344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     12827646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1           12827646    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       12827646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10114441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1628250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   14012098750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1928319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30739.860026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8981676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1958124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.586878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      88667634250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 14931.531261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 15808.328765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.455674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.482432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909576                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        106466610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       106466610                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6058102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6058102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3700618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3700618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst      1107871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1107871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      7165973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7165973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7165973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7165973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1181608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1181608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       779447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       779447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1961055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1961055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1961055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1961055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  94459093500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  94459093500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  63084255250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  63084255250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157543348750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 157543348750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157543348750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 157543348750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7239710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7239710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3700618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3700618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1887318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1887318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9127028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9127028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9127028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9127028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.163212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.412992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.412992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.214862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.214862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79941.142494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79941.142494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80934.630899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80934.630899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80336.017475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80336.017475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80336.017475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80336.017475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1018252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1018252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1181608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1181608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       779447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       779447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1961055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1961055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1961055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1961055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  79598823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79598823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  53243613750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53243613750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132842437250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 132842437250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132842437250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 132842437250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.163212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.412992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.214862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.214862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67364.831230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67364.831230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68309.472934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68309.472934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67740.291450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67740.291450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67740.291450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67740.291450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9121976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4080.554959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           599879563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9126072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             65.732504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       16715078000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4080.554959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1616                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1227940890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1227940890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    441389342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       441389342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst    158490221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      158490221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     599879563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        599879563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    599879563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       599879563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      7289565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7289565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst      2238281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2238281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      9527846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9527846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      9527846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9527846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 178191720750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 178191720750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101139344750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 101139344750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 279331065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 279331065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 279331065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 279331065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    448678907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    448678907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    609407409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    609407409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    609407409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    609407409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 24444.767383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24444.767383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45186.169543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45186.169543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29317.336311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29317.336311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29317.336311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29317.336311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3700618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3700618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        50811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       350963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       350963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       401774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       401774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       401774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       401774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7238754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7238754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1887318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1887318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9126072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9126072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9126072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9126072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 162228644750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162228644750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  76111394500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76111394500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 238340039250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 238340039250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 238340039250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 238340039250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22411.128317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22411.128317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40327.806178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40327.806178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26116.388217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26116.388217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26116.388217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26116.388217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
