
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.409380                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                409379703500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               409379703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 295886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   295886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              197956312                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 239696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2068.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   611901617                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          24321024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24321024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       170880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          170880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18723904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18723904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             380016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                380016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          292561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               292561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             59409452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                59409452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          417412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             417412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          45737255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               45737255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          45737255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            59409452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              105146708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        380016                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       292561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      380016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     292561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24297984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     23040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18722304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24321024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18723904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               23733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               23212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               23513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               23682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               23974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              22741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              24415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              22809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              22473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               17752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               17434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               17902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               19442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              19130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              18219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              18693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    409379622500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  380016                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 292561                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    378259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     7315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       141528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      303.959754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     180.049332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     326.018132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          50528     35.70%     35.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38641     27.30%     63.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12939      9.14%     72.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7964      5.63%     77.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5792      4.09%     81.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3807      2.69%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3019      2.13%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2550      1.80%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16288     11.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         141528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.986332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      228.214102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17257     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            7      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.941912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.866733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.774183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17056     98.78%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             152      0.88%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              31      0.18%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              11      0.06%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               2      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::236-239             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4096707750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11215257750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1898280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10790.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29540.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          59.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          45.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       59.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       45.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     314853                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       608673.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     275372649250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       13670020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      120335301000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 544939920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 524943720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 297338250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 286427625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               1495143000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               1465986600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               953104320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               942425280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           26738559120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           26738559120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           61488174015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           58208465835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          191689779750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          194566716750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            283207038375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            282733524930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             691.798455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             690.641789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              173391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             173391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            292561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1052593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1052593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43044928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43044928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            672577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  672577    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              672577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3204370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3607409500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               123709339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          87626566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           6391113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             71478402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                67228425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.054180                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                14930713                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1120398                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    149300115                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     537223                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                149837338                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    57314034                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     66532                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                57380566                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    206614149                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     603755                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                207217904                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   225746689                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        48                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               225746737                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  485                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        818759407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   611901617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      13148655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.338057                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.747352                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                       736857348                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        81902059                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1116.246910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           225741705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          45293.279494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1116.246910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.545042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.545042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1590                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         451498362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        451498362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    225741705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       225741705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     225741705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        225741705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    225741705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       225741705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227159500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227159500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    227159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    227159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    225746689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225746689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    225746689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    225746689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    225746689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    225746689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45577.748796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45577.748796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45577.748796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45577.748796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45577.748796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45577.748796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    216090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    216090500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216090500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    216090500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216090500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43356.841894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43356.841894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43356.841894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43356.841894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43356.841894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43356.841894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1766375                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1766375                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2340053                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       778163                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       778163                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7419161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7429129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       318976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    312294848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312613824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4884591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            4884591    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4884591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4782348500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8026500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3891677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           347305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29490.835705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3711078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           379729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.772964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     188662245000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21414.068024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  8076.767680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.653505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.246483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989502                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         40234620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        40234620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1592984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1592984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2340053                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2340053                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst       571538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       571538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      2164522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2164522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2164522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2164522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       173391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       173391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       206625                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206625                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       380016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        380016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       380016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       380016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12672589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12672589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14785830500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14785830500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27458420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27458420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27458420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27458420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1766375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1766375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2340053                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2340053                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       778163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       778163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2544538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2544538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2544538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2544538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.265529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.265529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.149346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.149346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73086.777860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73086.777860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71558.768300                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71558.768300                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72255.957644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72255.957644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72255.957644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72255.957644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       292561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           292561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       173391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       206625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       380016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       380016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       380016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       380016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10460652500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10460652500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12167413500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12167413500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22628066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22628066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22628066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22628066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.098162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.265529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60329.846993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60329.846993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58886.453721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58886.453721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59545.034946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59545.034946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59545.034946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59545.034946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2535458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.758418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           202542728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2539554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             79.755236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1608245250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4087.758418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         414529138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        414529138                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    146876552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       146876552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     55666176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       55666176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     202542728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        202542728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    202542728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       202542728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1908206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1908206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst      1543858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1543858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      3452064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3452064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      3452064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3452064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  36392982500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36392982500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  45181402750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45181402750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  81574385250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81574385250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  81574385250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81574385250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    148784758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148784758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    205994792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    205994792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    205994792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    205994792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.026986                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026986                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19071.831081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19071.831081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29265.258042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29265.258042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23630.612077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23630.612077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23630.612077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23630.612077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2340053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2340053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       143482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       143482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       769028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       769028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       912510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       912510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       912510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       912510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1764724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1764724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       774830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       774830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2539554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2539554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2539554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2539554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  30222763750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30222763750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21236491750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21236491750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  51459255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51459255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  51459255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51459255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17126.056964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17126.056964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27407.936902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27407.936902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20263.107420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20263.107420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20263.107420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20263.107420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
