
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.817967                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2817967230500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2817967230500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 295085                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   358305                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6587585543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 567284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   427.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   126228232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     153272049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           652964                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4386528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           130944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1051396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           516736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          4232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10978952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       652964                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       130944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       516736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1300644                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5946048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8281908                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             18656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             69058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             16429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              8074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             66140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                180519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               133512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              231715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1556628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               46468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              373104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          2158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              183372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1502132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3896054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         231715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          46468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         183372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             461554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2110049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          822698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2938965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2110049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             231715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1562844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              46468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             373107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker         2158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             183372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1502132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          823039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6835019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         92786                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        67811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       92786                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      67811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5933952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4338688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5938244                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4339784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2462                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                6176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                6466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                3941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2816401088000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       1                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   92785                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  67809                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     28127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     3504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     3413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     3495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     3325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        32876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      312.458450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     179.413676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     339.664106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          12770     38.84%     38.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7721     23.49%     62.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2991      9.10%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1712      5.21%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1344      4.09%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          774      2.35%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          537      1.63%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          552      1.68%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4475     13.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          32876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        28.482642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      540.024143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           3254     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.827035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.877074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       13.588559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                 4      0.12%      0.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 2      0.06%      0.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                2      0.06%      0.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               2      0.06%      0.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2714     83.38%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              41      1.26%     84.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              32      0.98%     85.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             140      4.30%     90.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             131      4.02%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               8      0.25%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               4      0.12%     94.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               9      0.28%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              18      0.55%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.09%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               7      0.22%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.12%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              99      3.04%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.06%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.12%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               3      0.09%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               3      0.09%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.03%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               3      0.09%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.06%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.06%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             9      0.28%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1187084500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2925547000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    463590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12803.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31553.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      76742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50891                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     17537071.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2704795503250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       94097900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       19068171250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 130016880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 118525680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  70941750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  64671750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                370624800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                352544400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               224849520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               214442640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          184055492400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          184055492400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           70844118390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           70005569445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1628632585500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1629368154750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1884328629240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1884179401065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.685154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.632198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14476193                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      4879                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   11073999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      930                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         189                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     442                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3272                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   946                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      215                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14481072                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               11074929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         25550192                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5809                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     25556001                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    67954476                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2811                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         189                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     442                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2005                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                67957287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         67954476                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2811                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     67957287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        82556827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   66160398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     80652664                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             70891762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5582                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    7292056                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      8778747                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    70891762                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5582                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          131506051                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49334508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                4358                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           245869189                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29383374                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     26220572                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14652138                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  11568434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              77950738.874403                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4606088.125597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.055793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.944207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         16465662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2193      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55785323     67.97%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58705      0.07%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4540      0.01%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14652138     17.85%     85.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               11568434     14.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  82071333                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3056                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           833736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           47002068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           834248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.340642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         23053500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   485.853503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    16.630840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     9.512458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.948933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.032482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.018579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        198562219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       198562219                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     13788602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4405053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      8513889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26707544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     10680609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3155163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      5163362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18999134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       190594                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        60628                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data       130484                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       381706                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       235265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        80498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       135390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       451153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       236615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        83018                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       140051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       459684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     24469211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      7560216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     13677251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        45706678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     24659805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      7620844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     13807735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       46088384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       190267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        59406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       315886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       565559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       145430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        33947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1529690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1709067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        55022                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        20138                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data        65538                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       140698                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4446                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         3285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         9694                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17425                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       335697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        93353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1845576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2274626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       390719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       113491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1911114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2415324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    905367250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5265516623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6170883873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1312551865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  70768535678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  72081087543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     46450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    132109998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178559998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       181001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       181001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2217919115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  76034052301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78251971416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2217919115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  76034052301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78251971416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13978869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4464459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8829775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27273103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10826039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3189110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      6693052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20708201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       245616                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        80766                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       196022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       522404                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       145084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       468578                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       236617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83018                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       140064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       459699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     24804908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      7653569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     15522827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47981304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     25050524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      7734335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     15718849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48503708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.228549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.224016                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.249338                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.334340                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.269328                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018547                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039208                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066816                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.118894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15240.333468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16669.040803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10911.123107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38664.738121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46263.318501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42175.694425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14140.030441                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13628.017124                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10247.345653                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13923.153846                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12066.733333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23758.412852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41198.006639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34402.126510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19542.687217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39785.199785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32398.126055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       376933                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        24988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            25127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            512                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.001114                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    48.804688                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       692581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           692581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       154975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       155083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1409869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1409869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         6806                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8740                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1564844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1564952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1564844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1564952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       160911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       119821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        19747                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43923                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        63670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1351                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2888                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4239                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        93245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       280732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       373977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       324655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    784144250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2133463687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917607937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1238610119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5440807950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6679418069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    253219750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    658574506                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911794256                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21611000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     35862251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57473251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       154999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2022754369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7574271637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9597026006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2275974119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8232846143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10508820262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1018414500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1694074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2712488500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    777507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1315307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2092814500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1795922000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3009381000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4805303000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010645                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244496                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.224072                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016125                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13223.789167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13258.656568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.267455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36486.585530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45407.799551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43438.284097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12823.200993                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14993.841632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14320.625978                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15996.299038                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12417.676939                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13558.209719                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21692.899019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26980.435565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25662.075491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20142.789923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25358.753578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24012.092536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1798304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.545340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          100886115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1798815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.084764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10926866250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   477.674781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    21.513239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    12.357321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.932959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.042018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.024135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        104533981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       104533981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     67090111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     21677596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     12118408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      100886115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     67090111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     21677596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     12118408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       100886115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     67090111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     21677596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     12118408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      100886115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       866406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       732378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1849017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       866406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       732378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1849017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       866406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       732378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1849017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3390118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10053892166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13444010166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3390118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10053892166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13444010166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3390118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10053892166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13444010166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     21927829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     12850786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102735132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     21927829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     12850786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    102735132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     21927829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     12850786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    102735132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.056991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.845408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.736450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7270.895923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.845408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.736450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7270.895923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.845408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.736450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7270.895923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.053892                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       932444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       932444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       932444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8203668345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11092578345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8203668345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11092578345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8203668345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11092578345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11544.880172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.118834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.240788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11544.880172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.118834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.240788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11544.880172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.118834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.240788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4634797                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1583                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3276695                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      231                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     105                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1209                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   225                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       52                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4636380                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3276926                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          7911492                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1814                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      7913306                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    21927829                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                       850                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     105                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     702                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                21928679                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         21927829                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                            850                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     21928679                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       158012697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21219424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25417661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22602393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1642                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2405355                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2700524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22602393                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1642                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           41665364                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          15857744                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1194                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            92377254                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            9370530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8126107                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4682037                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3444070                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              151526887.882406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6485809.117594                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.041046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.958954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5257446                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   36      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 17987711     68.83%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   19014      0.07%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              1154      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4682037     17.92%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3444070     13.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26134022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               17408373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9463731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           400017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            10864152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                8142904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            74.952044                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                4071247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     9689518                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     37575                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    7159699                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5670                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         181                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     370                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2438                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      439                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   968                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      417                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 9727093                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                7165369                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         16849217                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          43245                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     16892462                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    12852348                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      6327                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         181                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     370                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1763                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1147                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                12858675                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         12852348                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           6327                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     12858675                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        69828422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          26736882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      69116574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   17408373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          12214151                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     39634943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2070237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     91943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       329325                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       101475                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          454                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 12850788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               270289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2773                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          67931271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.222867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.347613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                49354668     72.65%     72.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2396025      3.53%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1561758      2.30%     78.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4875455      7.18%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1102436      1.62%     87.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  704861      1.04%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 3873045      5.70%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  751493      1.11%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 3311530      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            67931271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.249302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.989806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                18645308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             36894831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 10382963                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1080745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                927203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1311099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred               109436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              59339671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               354865                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                927203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                19270411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4356096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      27085706                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 10825258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5466363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              56871138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                944494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                157128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               3862497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           58808456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            261172418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        63777133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4183                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             48694532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10113908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            954202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        890607                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  6274956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            10279229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            7930666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1385426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1931872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  54639620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             672070                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 52007794                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            68359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7304876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18433205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         69298                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     67931271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.765594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.467899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           47467453     69.88%     69.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6844404     10.08%     79.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5089744      7.49%     87.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4188713      6.17%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1618102      2.38%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1074322      1.58%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1126267      1.66%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             361985      0.53%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             160281      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       67931271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  78971      9.77%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      9.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                376071     46.54%     56.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               352950     43.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              108      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34454774     66.25%     66.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               39220      0.08%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          2865      0.01%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            3      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9972711     19.18%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7538110     14.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              52007794                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.744794                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     807993                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015536                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         172813810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         62649489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50408450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               9401                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4928                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4143                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              52810613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5066                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          267388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1612297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1915                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        38614                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       794248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       131416                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       121570                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                927203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3248790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               940039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           55419045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            93730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10279229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7930666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            359745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               896292                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         38614                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184316                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       163000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              347316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51571999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9796032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           392652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                       107355                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    17260233                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 9488063                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   7464201                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.738553                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      51114762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     50412593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 26484469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 46017701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.721949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8145270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         602772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           292077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     66207003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.713906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.618708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48127722     72.69%     72.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8087932     12.22%     84.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3990373      6.03%     90.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1725495      2.61%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       876020      1.32%     94.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       623327      0.94%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1254839      1.90%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       299711      0.45%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1221584      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     66207003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            38912247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              47265561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      15803350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      8666932                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     226535                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   8911403                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      4112                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 41364475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls             1635441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31421440     66.48%     66.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          37906      0.08%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         2865      0.01%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8666932     18.34%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       7136418     15.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         47265561                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1221584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   113032454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  112549271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         280538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1897151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  5250079706                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   38848410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     47201724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.797459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.797459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.556341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.556341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                56460891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               31949429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    15783                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   13692                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                182431289                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                19284860                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads              124219174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                483131                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59010                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45563                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        13456                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             18213000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             2719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            15730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           205242577                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            23020273                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36442                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.992769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         245004243009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.992769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.062048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.062048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328356                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide            9                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36233                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36233                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1401235920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401235920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   100842                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65118.786988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2894514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   166082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    17.428222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   49797.172619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     1.939323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5291.834831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2854.505423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.969196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1121.422857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      949.240769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    58.966175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3505.217048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1537.518652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.759845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.080747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.017112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.014484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.053485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.023461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.993634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 27443398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                27443398                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             856761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             242820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             248185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              77821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             674046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             203120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2346260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          692581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               692581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  55                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            81743                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19467                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            56360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               157570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          2546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              856761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              324563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              248185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               97288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         27355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          6441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              674046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              259480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2503830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             856761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             324563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             248185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              97288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             674046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             259480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2503830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             9639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             8081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             4586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                33943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1284                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           369                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1064                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          62393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          14107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          62372                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             138872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              9639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             16682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              8081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             66958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                172815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             9639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            16682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             8081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            66958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               172815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    192657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615860500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    368031996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1332432746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        22999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       326986                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       349985                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    994427496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4664036226                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5658463722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1187084996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5032068222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6990896468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1187084996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5032068222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6990896468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         866400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         249735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         250231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          80396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         682127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         207706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2380203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       692581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           692581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1294                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          373                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2772                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       118732                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          866400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          393871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          250231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          113970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          682127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          326438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2676645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         866400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         393871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         250231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         113970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         682127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         326438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2676645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.032029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.022079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.014261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992272                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962896                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.980159                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.525318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.175966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.146372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.011847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.205117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.175966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.146372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.205117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72565.493646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74818.446602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76210.926865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80251.198430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39255.008279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data    62.327913                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   307.317669                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   128.813029                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70491.776848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74777.724396                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40745.893499                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72565.493646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71159.632898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76210.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75152.606440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40453.065232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72565.493646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71159.632898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76210.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75152.606440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40453.065232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               92907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    92907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           17334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          369                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1064                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1433                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14107                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        62372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         76479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            93813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           93813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    160444500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514015500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    308547996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111848746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3690369                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10646564                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14336933                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    813978004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3894067274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4708045278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    974422504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514015500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4202615270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5819894024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    974422504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514015500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4202615270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5819894024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    943135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1581115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2524250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    723317000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1233415500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1956732500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1666452000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   2814530500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4480982500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962896                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516955                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.525318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59929.130010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62308.543689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63655.170279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67932.187583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64142.652936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10006.169173                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.838102                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57700.290919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62432.939043                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61559.974346                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59929.130010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58411.611557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63655.170279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62806.217981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62037.180604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59929.130010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58411.611557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63655.170279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62806.217981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62037.180604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             92907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       471782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       579244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 652071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16941564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     17104683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2326464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2326464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19431147                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              125                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            304876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  304876    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              304876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           735607750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          907107038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           23918727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2443155                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2443152                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           692581                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        22776                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2772                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            15                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2787                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           296442                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296442                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3615657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2484160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        29265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        88229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6217311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    115156920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     97909811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        49244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       155812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              213271787                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           51771                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3431211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.010633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.102567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3394727     98.94%     98.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36484      1.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3431211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2367804213                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           553500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4198919632                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2015022352                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          11862428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          39524153                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
