
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 47.379675                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                47379674621500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               47379674621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 109387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5550125892                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 850512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8536.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   933798389                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1098335322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           572                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst            3                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           11                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        472128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       353088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       523648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          1152800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         18354072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     38298624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       338240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       462784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           532064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         12967328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     29162240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            102617016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1152800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       532064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1684864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     56488832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      6830592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      66623564                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      34275268                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total         164218256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           7377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             33965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            286804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              8357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            202629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       455660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1619423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          882638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide        106728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data          1043270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           535552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              2568188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             9965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          7452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         11052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               24331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              387383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       808334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          7139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          9768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               11230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              273690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       615501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2165845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          24331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          11230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              35561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1192259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          144167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            1406163                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             723417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3466006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1192259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          154132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         7452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        11052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              24331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1793546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       808334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         7139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         9768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              11230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             997107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       615501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5631851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1619423                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      2568188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1619423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    2568188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                103371328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    271744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 158872640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 102617016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              164218256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     4246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   85771                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         103144                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              111705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              107185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               95216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               93593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               97040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              109538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              103640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              104459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               87345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              119689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              87550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             102455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              98167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              96293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              97699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             103603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              151797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              157102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              173467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              129226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              217724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              151423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              153455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              181552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              127836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              166575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             140595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             139064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             135611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             129688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             173219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             154051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         280                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    47379673169000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      37                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                   21333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1598053                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                2565585                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    575288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    378276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    198870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                    124070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                     84552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                     66107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                     57559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     49842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     42131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     14414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     7965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     5242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     3374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     2598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    50077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    80336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    91349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                   103691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   113552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   135687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   144994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   161556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   168861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   188844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   173768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   166459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   153274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   157126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                   123678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                   118188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                   114281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                   106686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                    15195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                    11268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     9055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     7628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     7057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     6378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     5840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     5400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     5192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     4660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     4389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     4093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     4040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     3814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     3583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     3430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     3546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     3036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     2997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     2927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                     2444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                     2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                     1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                     1704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                     1382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                     1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       968355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      270.813741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.322670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     334.242545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         500729     51.71%     51.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       182951     18.89%     70.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        62910      6.50%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        30320      3.13%     80.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        27676      2.86%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15651      1.62%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12433      1.28%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        15606      1.61%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       120079     12.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         968355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         90300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        17.886467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      201.343157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          90297    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           90300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         90300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        27.490421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       23.640759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       19.748039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23           56859     62.97%     62.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31            8057      8.92%     71.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39           12273     13.59%     85.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47            3990      4.42%     89.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55            1898      2.10%     92.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63             944      1.05%     93.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71            2681      2.97%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79            1258      1.39%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87             729      0.81%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95             233      0.26%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            328      0.36%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           174      0.19%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119           473      0.52%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            16      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            44      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            33      0.04%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            16      0.02%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            34      0.04%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            77      0.09%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            57      0.06%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            40      0.04%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             6      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            21      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215            22      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             2      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             4      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             7      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-255             9      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           90300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    65880977516                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               96165546266                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   8075885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       40788.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  59538.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         3.63                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    1266207                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1862998                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     11314248.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45458713155000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1582111440000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      338849669500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                3771472320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                3549283920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                2057847000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1936613250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               6414501600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               6183847800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              8526034080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              7559820720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3094609976640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3094609976640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1215510046335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1201972779180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          27361567580250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          27373442376000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            31692457458225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            31689254697510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.904083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.836485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1503713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1503713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              38586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             38586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            882638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1682947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1682947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           373970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         331267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          103150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            170539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        26002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8087433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      8236597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       229762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       229762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8466359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        52004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    259532552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    259741319                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      7302720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7302720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               267044039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           618323                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4885385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4885385    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4885385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            98770920                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               45500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21644945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         25191464236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        16556458898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          187451430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                  1387044                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64427.808632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    7620997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                  1449367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     5.258155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   10003.170740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   188.441651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   243.424548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      921.507825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     8419.959281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 24297.060802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   189.151688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   259.454485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      442.813505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     5057.928398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 14404.895708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.152636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.014061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.128478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.370744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.002886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.003959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.006757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.077178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.219801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.983090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        33631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        28390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         2393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         1787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        29347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.513168                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.004608                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.433197                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 91165244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                91165244                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         7553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             170694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             696092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1825935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         8223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             162945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             691200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1816536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                5388636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2284318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              2284318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           28567                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           31425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               59992                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data          8944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data          7440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             16384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            53362                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            53750                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               107112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          7553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              170694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              749454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1825935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          8223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              162945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              744950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1816536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 5495748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         7553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             170694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             749454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      1825935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         8223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             162945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             744950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1816536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                5495748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           197063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             8328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           136549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       456002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total              1435605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         38751                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         39177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             77928                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data        11922                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         9604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           21526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          91592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          67962                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             159554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            288655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              8328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            204511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       456002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1595159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           288655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             8328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           204511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       456002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1595159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    458859494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    660185236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1228334988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18297393453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  72887603477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    440607992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    598540979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    788794491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12800911061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  55801999034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   163963230205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163981726                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    172729371                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    336711097                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59985022                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     52908784                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    112893806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7434747873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5448950117                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12883697990                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    458859494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    660185236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1228334988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25732141326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  72887603477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    440607992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    598540979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    788794491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18249861178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  55801999034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total    176846928195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    458859494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    660185236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1228334988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25732141326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  72887603477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    440607992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    598540979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    788794491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18249861178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  55801999034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total   176846928195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         183412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         893155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2424665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        12388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         171273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         827749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2272538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            6824241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2284318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          2284318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        67318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        70602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        17044                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         37910                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144954                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       121712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           266666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          183412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1038109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2424665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        12388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          171273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          949461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2272538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             7090907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         183412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1038109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2424665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        13508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        12388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         171273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         949461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2272538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            7090907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.069341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.220637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.048624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.164964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.210368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575641                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.554899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.565023                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571360                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563483                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.567819                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.558384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.598329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.069341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.278058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.048624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.215397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.224958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.069341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.278058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.048624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.215397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.224958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83171.922059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 80687.513566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96582.401950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92850.476513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 121737.015812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83369.534910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 82774.302171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94715.957133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93745.915832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 122372.268179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114211.938663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4231.677273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4408.948388                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4320.797364                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5031.456299                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5509.036235                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5244.532472                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81172.459090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80176.423840                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80748.198040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83171.922059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 80687.513566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96582.401950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89144.970037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 121737.015812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83369.534910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 82774.302171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94715.957133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89236.574942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 122372.268179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110864.765327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 83171.922059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 80687.513566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96582.401950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89144.970037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 121737.015812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83369.534910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 82774.302171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 94715.957133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89236.574942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 122372.268179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110864.765327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             23951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                      978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24.489775                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              882638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   882638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       136514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       455660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1434818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38751                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        39177                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        77928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11922                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        91592                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        159554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       288611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       204476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       455660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total          1594372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       288611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       598416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       204476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       455660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total         1594372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    390191994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    558414736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1068365744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15850467855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  65563016998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    374801992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    508508979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    683514241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11106706811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  50212096787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 146316086137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30535463126                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  15845549899                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46381013025                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    399321668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    406522254                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805843922                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123605642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     99686358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223292000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6293776443                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4602629757                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10896406200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    390191994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    558414736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1068365744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22144244298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  65563016998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    374801992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    508508979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    683514241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  15709336568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  50212096787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157212492337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    390191994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    558414736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1068365744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22144244298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  65563016998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    374801992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    508508979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    683514241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  15709336568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  50212096787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157212492337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1103207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4952355997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4307750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    415818753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6475689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4782466503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    497465997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5279932500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1103207000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   9734822500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4307750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    913284750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11755622000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.069216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.220588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575641                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.554899                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565023                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571360                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.563483                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567819                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.558384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.069216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.215360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.224847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.422112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.655451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.069216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.246804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.391250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.583710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.048455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.215360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.200507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70725.393148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68249.173307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84156.419378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80451.468412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 109560.935867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70918.068496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 70323.465496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82361.036390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81359.470904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 110196.411331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101975.362824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10304.809373                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10376.553947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10340.877759                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10367.861265                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10379.670762                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10373.130168                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68715.351155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67723.577249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68292.905223                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70725.393148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68249.173307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84156.419378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76726.958771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 109560.935867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70918.068496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 70323.465496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82361.036390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76827.288132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 110196.411331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98604.649565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 70725.393148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68249.173307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84156.419378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76726.958771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 109560.935867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70918.068496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 70323.465496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82361.036390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76827.288132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 110196.411331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98604.649565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             163                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              163                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           13                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1667                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6830592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1670                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7757807                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7750243                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             38586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            38586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2284318                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1682954                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1576219                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          430271                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        347651                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         777922                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           316482                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          316482                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     11788342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      9897130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              21685472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    381410986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    320139805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              701550791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                         1633796                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         12761522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.009063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.094770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               12645858     99.09%     99.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 115664      0.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           12761522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21862906503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          6130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       19509958221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17925237290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40417                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40417                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136643                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             136782                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          139                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       231234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       231234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7338952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7338952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7497229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           982013630                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           179230570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              146587108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         96932064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          7164901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups           103453764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               67642054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            65.383850                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               20270932                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            203679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   106134781                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    438400                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   87107060                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                   166320                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          16                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              46078                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1083                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   41289                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      449                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  7213                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                    39737                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               106573181                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               87273380                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        193241841                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         604720                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    193846561                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   230537480                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     86000                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          16                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              46078                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1083                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   29668                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                   226388                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               230623480                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        230537480                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          86000                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    230623480                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       786965482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          90387711                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     647691070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  146587108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          87912986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    665690431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles               15471710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1846295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              143165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      6476529                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       786234                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320116                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                230311190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes              1742140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  28723                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         773386336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.980975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.219702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               409957196     53.01%     53.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               140998975     18.23%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                49617031      6.42%     77.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               172813134     22.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           773386336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.186269                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.823023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles               108593313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            378356513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                240969730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles             39977542                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               5489238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved            21224089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred              2292433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             668689408                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts             25030555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               5489238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles               146312922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               57383456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles     250430469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                242520551                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             71249700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             650266707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.SquashedInsts              6336504                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              9477139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                381865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                840506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              33815177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           14484                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          619540415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups           1001273329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       768127423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           806411                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            558016180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                61524234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts          16309942                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts      14158531                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 81487680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads           106551444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           90697387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          9851628                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         8566406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 626998472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           16435650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                631073777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          2910747                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       54340762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37568320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        303534                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    773386336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.815988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.066561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          429333552     55.51%     55.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          143479671     18.55%     74.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          122471651     15.84%     89.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           69760577      9.02%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            8335355      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               5527      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      773386336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               65856729     45.73%     45.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 73447      0.05%     45.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                  22232      0.02%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              47      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     45.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead              37876967     26.30%     72.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             40192311     27.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            431505224     68.38%     68.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1606072      0.25%     68.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                80666      0.01%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 12      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                1      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         46680      0.01%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           109370672     17.33%     85.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           88464450     14.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             631073777                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.801908                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  144021733                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.228217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        2181305203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        697468177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    613392938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1161167                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            463347                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       426941                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             774373560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 721950                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2923759                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     13150556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        17424                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       157648                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      6172607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2931375                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      4759724                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               5489238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8266633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4717216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          643560247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            106551444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            90697387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          13867290                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 61805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4582618                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        157648                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2155844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3101202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             5257046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            622852330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            106129153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          7624905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       126125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   193235409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches               117777762                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  87106256                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.791461                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     614619625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    613819879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                298670143                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                489758313                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.779983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       50622338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       16132116                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          4918284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    763797135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.766621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.569865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    508551807     66.58%     66.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    131505056     17.22%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     56862924      7.44%     91.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     18814885      2.46%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     13980697      1.83%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9342143      1.22%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      6309382      0.83%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      4063980      0.53%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     14366261      1.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    763797135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           498729441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             585543302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     177925668                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     93400888                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                    4075726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                 111746625                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    417930                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                537600399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            15117239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       406177320     69.37%     69.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1336444      0.23%     69.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           63141      0.01%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        40729      0.01%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       93400888     15.95%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      84524780     14.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        585543302                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             14366261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1380974813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1281884282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         846185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       13579146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                 93972383800                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  498729441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    585543302                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.577941                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.577941                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.633737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.633737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               735405419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              437369435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   697220                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  340900                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                134840784                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               135500502                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             3071585466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes              16203449                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      15637085                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     12009481                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        33046                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        33046                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3548344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      4365503                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1683195                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1040668                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       461767                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       386684                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       535373                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1436156                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1297014                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     13051451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     18246800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       419537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1341455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         33059243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    416613216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    664873226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1541384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      4934904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total        1087962730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                    9586812                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     27467610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.337349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.472805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          18201451     66.27%     66.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6           9266159     33.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      27467610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   13754094390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    197445482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   9792438220                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   9396795912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    228193109                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    726243001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          6503720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          223511778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          6504232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.364054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       8400074750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.971418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        467078613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       467078613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    223511778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      223511778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    223511778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       223511778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    223511778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      223511778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      6775226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6775226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      6775226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       6775226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      6775226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      6775226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  58809305620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58809305620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  58809305620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  58809305620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  58809305620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  58809305620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    230287004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    230287004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    230287004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    230287004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    230287004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    230287004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.029421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8680.050764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8680.050764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8680.050764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8680.050764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8680.050764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8680.050764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4711788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs           607280                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.758839                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          167                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       270621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       270621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       270621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       270621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       270621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       270621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6504605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6504605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6504605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6504605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      6504605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6504605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  47647231055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47647231055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  47647231055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47647231055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  47647231055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47647231055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1699559498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1699559498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1699559498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1699559498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7325.153650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7325.153650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7325.153650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7325.153650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7325.153650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7325.153650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     59245032                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      2351166                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     52469358                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher      1249562                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit       200789                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      2974157                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      4925432                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements         3747306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16276.136731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs          13593053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         3763332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            3.611973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      6997709500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4266.822439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    59.073583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    61.998615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   875.814301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3003.067946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  8009.359846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.260426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.053455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.183293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.488853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         8909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         3635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         3246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.543762                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005798                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.428589                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       294843936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      294843936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       600493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       179726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6257574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3196043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total      10233836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3548335                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3548335                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       119384                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total       119384                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data        38955                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        38955                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data       985595                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       985595                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       600493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       179726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6257574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4181638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total       11219431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       600493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       179726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6257574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4181638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total      11219431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       246684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1202213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1478214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_misses::total            9                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data       131869                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       131869                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data       175118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       175118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data       304338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       304338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       246684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1506551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1782552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       246684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1506551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1782552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    782711292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    885174343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6713721698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44470699734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52852307067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2670586208                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2670586208                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3556484886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   3556484886                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3931499                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      3931499                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15577643529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15577643529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    782711292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    885174343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6713721698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60048343263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  68429950596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    782711292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    885174343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6713721698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60048343263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  68429950596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       616863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       192673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4398256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11712050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3548344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3548344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       251253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       251253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       214073                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       214073                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1289933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1289933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       616863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       192673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5688189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     13001983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       616863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       192673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5688189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     13001983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.067197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.037927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524845                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.524845                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818029                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.818029                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.235933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.067197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.037927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.137098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.067197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.037927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.137098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 47813.762492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68369.069514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27215.878200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36990.699430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35754.164869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20251.812086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20251.812086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20309.076657                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20309.076657                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 218416.611111                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218416.611111                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51185.338436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51185.338436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 47813.762492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68369.069514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27215.878200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39858.154993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38388.754211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 47813.762492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 68369.069514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27215.878200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39858.154993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38388.754211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       218783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            9480                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.078376                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1237814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total         1237814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        63962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        31981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        96119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        46326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total        46326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        63962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        78307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total       142445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        63962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        78307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total       142445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       182722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1170232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1382095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2973803                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      2973803                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131869                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       131869                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       175118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       175118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       258012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       182722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1428244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1640107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        16369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        12772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       182722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1428244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2973803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4613910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    666806046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    787298272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4308962053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35252745968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41015812339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 105871670375                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105871670375                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49106078519                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49106078519                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2297414257                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2297414257                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2423172140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2423172140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3259499                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3259499                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10568500938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10568500938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    666806046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    787298272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4308962053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45821246906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51584313277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    666806046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    787298272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4308962053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45821246906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 105871670375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157455983652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1519173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5544879586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7064052586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5346512529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5346512529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   1519173000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10891392115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12410565115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.066288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524845                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524845                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818029                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818029                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.066288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.026536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.066288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.028093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 40735.906042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 61642.520514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23582.064847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30124.578689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29676.550699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 35601.440437                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35601.440437                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17421.943421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17421.943421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13837.367604                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13837.367604                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 181083.277778                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181083.277778                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40961.276755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40961.276755                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 40735.906042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 61642.520514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23582.064847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32082.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31451.797521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 40735.906042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 61642.520514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23582.064847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32082.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 35601.440437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34126.366499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          6421778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          503.783649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          165065902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6422290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.702032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1750084500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   503.783649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.983952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        369226254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       369226254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     86280065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       86280065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     73574281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      73574281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       230862                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       230862                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data      1040668                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total      1040668                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1948592                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1948592                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      1987329                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1987329                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    159854346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       159854346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    160085208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      160085208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      7331765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7331765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      7708797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7708797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       740087                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       740087                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       294779                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       294779                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data       214098                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       214098                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     15040562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      15040562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     15780649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     15780649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115068880578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 115068880578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 135208359707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 135208359707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4223400082                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   4223400082                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4534810216                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   4534810216                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4219500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      4219500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 250277240285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 250277240285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 250277240285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 250277240285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     93611830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93611830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     81283078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81283078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       970949                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       970949                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1040668                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1040668                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2243371                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2243371                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2201427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2201427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    174894908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    174894908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    175865857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    175865857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762231                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.762231                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.097254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15694.567485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15694.567485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17539.488938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17539.488938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14327.343814                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14327.343814                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21181.002233                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21181.002233                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16640.152162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16640.152162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15859.755849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15859.755849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     17082084                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     19003690                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           950552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets         748671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.970699                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    25.383232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                1040668                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3548346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3548346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3808172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3808172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      6155071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      6155071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       150940                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       150940                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9963243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9963243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9963243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9963243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3523593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3523593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1532184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1532184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       733570                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       733570                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143839                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       143839                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214091                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       214091                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      5055777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5055777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      5789347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5789347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48006705459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48006705459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27570008615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27570008615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18661725527                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18661725527                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57519686561                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57519686561                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1764532424                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764532424                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4095364784                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4095364784                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4027500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4027500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  75576714074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75576714074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  94238439601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94238439601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5807383412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5807383412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5600359921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5600359921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  11407743333                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11407743333                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755519                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755519                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064117                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064117                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13624.361684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13624.361684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17993.928024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17993.928024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25439.597485                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25439.597485                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12267.413038                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12267.413038                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19129.084287                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19129.084287                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14948.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14948.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16277.904849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16277.904849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups              126883394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         85166335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect          6223569                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            90014178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               58475937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            64.963029                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               16774062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            171946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    93423769                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    385141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   77506370                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                   166753                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          16                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              46078                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1083                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   38053                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      411                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  6413                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                    42956                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                93808910                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               77673123                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        170930139                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         551894                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    171482033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   200532583                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     85074                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          16                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              46078                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1083                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   26827                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                   221691                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               200617657                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        200532583                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          85074                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    200617657                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       671498045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          76057268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     563958948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                  126883394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          75249999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                    570112426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles               13401984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                   1796129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles              140886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      6366912                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       711415                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       284551                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                200289545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes              1511940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  28568                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         662170579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.001134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.225253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               344731960     52.06%     52.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1               123888404     18.71%     70.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                41617512      6.29%     77.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3               151932703     22.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           662170579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.188956                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.839852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                93652150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles            319101856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                208055943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles             36600277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               4760353                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved            17735520                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred              1981049                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             585316730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts             21686226                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               4760353                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles               127273008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               44978505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles     215016897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                210494675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             59647141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             569572737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.SquashedInsts              5483527                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents              8310630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                236317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                296206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents              25698514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           13591                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          543172602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            884661173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       673765883                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           933137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            489609146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                53563450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts          15680851                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13859127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 73666324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            93680638                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           80687792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          8658535                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         7660349                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 547737456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15869030                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                553093233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          2542275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47705580                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32628806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        263861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    662170579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.835273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.067651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          358036858     54.07%     54.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          130663379     19.73%     73.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          105371554     15.91%     89.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           60712008      9.17%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7383178      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               3602      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      662170579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               55137578     43.73%     43.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 43337      0.03%     43.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                  11462      0.01%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              21      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead              33948572     26.92%     70.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite             36949037     29.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            376818141     68.13%     68.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1181294      0.21%     68.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70304      0.01%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              8      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             15      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             24      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         78003      0.01%     68.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            96248927     17.40%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           78696516     14.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             553093233                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.823671                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  126090007                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.227972                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1895671563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        610922154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    537423673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1317762                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            530370                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       489519                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses             678367586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 815653                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2464833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11666973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        15967                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       141534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5620813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2485085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      4066782                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               4760353                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                6088373                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2643428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          563729528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             93680638                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            80687792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          13644540                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 61293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2520664                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        141534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       1916152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2651693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts             4567845                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            545961284                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             93419699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          6590982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       123042                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                   170926883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches               102016204                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  77507184                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.813050                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     538581721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    537913192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                259879872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                425846883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.801064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       44555907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       15605169                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts          4282930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    653744993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.784392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.576833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    427404365     65.38%     65.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    119117281     18.22%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     49133324      7.52%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     16524443      2.53%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11998035      1.84%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8093886      1.24%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5471403      0.84%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3473274      0.53%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12528982      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    653744993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           435068948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             512792020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                     157080643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     82013664                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                    3580423                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  96770677                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    477739                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                470356347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls            12430117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       354618766     69.15%     69.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         966577      0.19%     69.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           56200      0.01%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            8      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           13      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           21      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        69792      0.01%     69.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       82013664     15.99%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      75066979     14.64%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        512792020                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             12528982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                  1194813735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                 1123082959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         724798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        9327466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 94087851225                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  435068948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    512792020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.543429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.543429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.647908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.647908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               645605353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes              381721004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                   775313                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                  445860                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                118711593                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes               119446570                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads             2680324006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes              15740060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      14195138                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     10319504                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         5540                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         5540                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3043633                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      4072942                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1683351                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       535551                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       440112                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       381311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       495883                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1326326                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1162072                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     11031290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     15072798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       408972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1223990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         27737050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    352998000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    552975725                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1478304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      4387432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         911839461                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                   10107713                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     25138246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.388398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.487386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          15374612     61.16%     61.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6           9763634     38.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      25138246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   11278575992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    196968741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   8281966249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   7967439656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    225433169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    677266087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          5515063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          501.927395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          194540892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5515575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            35.271190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     8512592975000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   501.927395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.980327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        406089111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       406089111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    194540892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      194540892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    194540892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       194540892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    194540892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      194540892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      5745874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5745874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      5745874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       5745874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      5745874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      5745874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  49972720911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49972720911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  49972720911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  49972720911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  49972720911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  49972720911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    200286766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200286766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    200286766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    200286766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    200286766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    200286766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8697.148756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8697.148756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8697.148756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8697.148756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8697.148756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8697.148756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4058036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs           525950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.715631                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       230295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       230295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       230295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       230295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       230295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       230295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5515579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5515579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5515579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5515579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      5515579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5515579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  40507461081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40507461081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  40507461081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40507461081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  40507461081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40507461081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6176248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6176248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6176248                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6176248                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7344.190171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7344.190171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7344.190171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7344.190171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  7344.190171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7344.190171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     50505684                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      2064047                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     44628493                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher       907161                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit       133845                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      2772138                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      4283124                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements         3436745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       13730.844001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs          11600969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         3452900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            3.359776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    9794240275500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4681.996556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    70.505551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker    81.585621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   599.676687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  2582.188700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  5714.890886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.285766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.004980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.036601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.157604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.348809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.838064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         9001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         3805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         2947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.549377                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.431458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       248779915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      248779915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       532626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       172045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5284751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2703668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       8693090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3043623                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3043623                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data        90999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total        90999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data        33582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        33582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data       896481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       896481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       532626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       172045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5284751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3600149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total        9589571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       532626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       172045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5284751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3600149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total       9589571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       230826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      1092537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1351909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::total           10                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data       129352                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       129352                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data       172689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       172689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data       259572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       259572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       230826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1352109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1611481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       230826                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1352109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1611481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    757783063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    830879579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5925678894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  36970844217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44485185753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2628732175                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2628732175                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3477493272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   3477493272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3782000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      3782000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12238175338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12238175338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    757783063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    830879579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5925678894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  49209019555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  56723361091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    757783063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    830879579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5925678894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  49209019555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  56723361091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       548429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       184788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5515577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3796205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10044999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3043633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3043633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       220351                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       220351                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       206271                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       206271                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1156053                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1156053                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       548429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       184788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5515577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4952258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     11201052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       548429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       184788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5515577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4952258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     11201052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.287797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.587027                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.587027                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.837195                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.837195                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.224533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.224533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 47951.848573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65202.823432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25671.626654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33839.443623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32905.458691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20322.315658                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20322.315658                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20137.317791                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20137.317791                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 222470.588235                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222470.588235                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47147.517213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47147.517213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 47951.848573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65202.823432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25671.626654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36394.269659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35199.522111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 47951.848573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65202.823432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25671.626654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36394.269659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35199.522111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       100701                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            5340                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.857865                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1046487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total         1046487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        60238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         6632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        67029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        32310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total        32310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        60238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        38942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        60238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        38942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       170588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1085905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1284880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2771770                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      2771770                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       129352                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       129352                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       172689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       172689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       227262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       227262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       170588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1313167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1512142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        15795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        12592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       170588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1313167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2771770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4283912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    645813787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    733692803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3707806163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  29075430940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34162743693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  88845492183                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88845492183                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  25545271269                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25545271269                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271880441                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2271880441                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2355036377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2355036377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3117000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3117000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8386609809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8386609809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    645813787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    733692803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3707806163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  37462040749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42549353502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    645813787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    733692803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3707806163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  37462040749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  88845492183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 131394845685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5617250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    522273803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    527891053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    592984543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    592984543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5617250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1115258346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1120875596                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.286050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.587027                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587027                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.837195                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837195                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.196584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.265165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.068143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.265165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40887.229313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 58266.582195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21735.445418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26775.298889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26588.275709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 32053.702935                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32053.702935                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17563.550939                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17563.550939                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13637.442900                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13637.442900                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 183352.941176                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183352.941176                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36902.824973                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36902.824973                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40887.229313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 58266.582195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21735.445418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28528.009575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28138.464180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40887.229313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 58266.582195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21735.445418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28528.009575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 32053.702935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30671.695797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5270583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          418.735038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          145844611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5271093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.668761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     8472891797000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   418.735038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.817842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        326008687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       326008687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     76031229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       76031229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     65289331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      65289331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       171825                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       171825                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       535551                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       535551                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data      1744878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1744878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data      1734724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1734724                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    141320560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       141320560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    141492385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      141492385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6360074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6360074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      7315323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7315323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       690767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       690767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       239985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       239985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data       206300                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       206300                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     13675397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      13675397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     14366164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     14366164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  96502365280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96502365280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 122289774326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 122289774326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3384586861                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   3384586861                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4391846948                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   4391846948                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4067000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      4067000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 218792139606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 218792139606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 218792139606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 218792139606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     82391303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82391303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     72604654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72604654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       862592                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       862592                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       535551                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       535551                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1984863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1984863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1941024                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1941024                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    154995957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    154995957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    155858549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    155858549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.077194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.100756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.800804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.120908                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120908                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106284                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106284                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.088231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15173.151331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15173.151331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16716.934348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16716.934348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14103.326712                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14103.326712                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21288.642501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21288.642501                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15998.960733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15998.960733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15229.684111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15229.684111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8615413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     17976416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           462301                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets         741969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.635938                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    24.227988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                 535551                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3043634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3043634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      3366977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3366977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      5934775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      5934775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       123858                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       123858                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9301752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9301752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      9301752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9301752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2993097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2993097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1369794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1369794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       690691                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       690691                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116127                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       116127                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       206288                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       206288                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4362891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4362891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      5053582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5053582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  38940153004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38940153004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23265516814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23265516814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16955467787                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16955467787                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  29882890933                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29882890933                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1431846930                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431846930                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3970245052                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3970245052                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3877000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  62205669818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62205669818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  79161137605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79161137605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    568928684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    568928684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    634602446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    634602446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1203531130                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1203531130                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800716                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800716                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.058506                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058506                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106278                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106278                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13009.986981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13009.986981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16984.682963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16984.682963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24548.557585                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24548.557585                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12330.008783                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12330.008783                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19246.127026                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19246.127026                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14257.901428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14257.901428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15664.361953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15664.361953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115615                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               11.386738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         9111214571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.838966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     7.547771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.239935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.471736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.711671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1042022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1042022                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide          139                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8929                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1981823591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1987518591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1981823591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1987883591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1981823591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1987883591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106867                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106867                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.001301                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.001301                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 153918.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 222952.367083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222666.210060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 121666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151500                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 222952.367083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222632.275843                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151500                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 222952.367083                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222632.275843                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         55347                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.081421                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                     106728                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1519438621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1523209621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   6630698579                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6630698579                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1519438621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1523418621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1519438621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1523418621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 101918.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 170934.708179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170648.624356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 69666.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69666.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 170934.708179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170614.696047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 170934.708179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170614.696047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   14096                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    4921                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
