
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.096187                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1096186990500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1096186990500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 245276                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   264248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174074375                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 310916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6297.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1544563087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1664032480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         131551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        50432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     66968384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          66968384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            2055499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               2055499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1046381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1046381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            120008664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               120008664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           46007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              46007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          61092117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               61092117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          61092117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           120008664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              181100781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       2055499                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1046381                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     2055499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1046381                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                131465088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     86848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  66966784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131551936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               66968384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              127914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              125107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              122280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              124254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              123262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              123345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              123865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              124190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              131999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              134064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             132428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             133673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             133725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             133862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             129895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             130279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               65789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               64087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               62403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               62885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               62820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               62979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               64285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               65232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               67082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               67588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              67303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              67613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              67020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              67468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              66169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              65633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1096186902500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 2055499                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1046381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1922421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    131703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    31796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    33166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    57030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    60853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    61386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    61606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    61543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    61534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    61519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    61592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    61559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    61622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    61936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    62305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    61675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    62790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    61332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    61028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1916158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      103.556187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean      81.764224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     125.552714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127        1491113     77.82%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       305811     15.96%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52727      2.75%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21051      1.10%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13077      0.68%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6875      0.36%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5570      0.29%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4107      0.21%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15827      0.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1916158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         61021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        33.615247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      160.737468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          60978     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           19      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            9      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           61021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         61021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.147474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.112394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        1.099372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              27727     45.44%     45.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17               1223      2.00%     47.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18              27936     45.78%     93.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               3708      6.08%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                355      0.58%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                 59      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                 10      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                  1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           61021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    38533876500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               77049039000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  10270710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18759.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  37509.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         119.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          61.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      120.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       61.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     777772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    406558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   37.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  38.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       353394.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      38.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     306608104500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       36603840000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      752971887000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                7068978000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                7417161360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                3857081250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                4047062250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               7754580600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               8267360400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              3307910400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              3472476480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           71597111040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           71597111040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          413628192720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          422690389875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          294876051750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          286926756000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            802089905760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            804418317405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             731.713906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             733.838021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1255486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1255486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1046381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            800013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           800013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5157379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5157379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    198520320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               198520320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3101880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3101880    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3101880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         12229457500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        19361348500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               239650352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         186306880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          14598405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            131764254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               121991524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             92.583171                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15654227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   46                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2192373981                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1544563087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1664032480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      42081657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.419414                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.704516                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1808241834                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       384132147                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                29                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           661.144399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           464861353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          566904.089024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   661.144399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.322824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.322824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.386230                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         929725166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        929725166                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    464861353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       464861353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     464861353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        464861353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    464861353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       464861353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59141749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59141749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59141749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59141749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59141749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59141749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    464862173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    464862173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    464862173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    464862173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    464862173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    464862173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72124.084146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.084146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72124.084146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.084146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72124.084146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.084146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57178251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57178251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57178251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57178251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57178251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57178251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69729.574390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69729.574390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69729.574390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69729.574390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69729.574390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69729.574390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7336783                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7336783                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3700640                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1890869                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1890869                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     22154304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          22155944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        52480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    827358208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          827410688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     12928292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           12928292    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       12928292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10164786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1391749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   14185031745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          2022796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        31252.383158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8984119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          2052571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.377008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      58953869250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 14967.342328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst 16285.040830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.456767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908661                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        107369776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       107369776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6081291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6081291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3700640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3700640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst      1090856                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1090856                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      7172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1255492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1255492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       800013                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       800013                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2055505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       2055505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2055505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      2055505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100333400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100333400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  64526294750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  64526294750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 164859695250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 164859695250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 164859695250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 164859695250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7336783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7336783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3700640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3700640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1890869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1890869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9227652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9227652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9227652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9227652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.171123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.423093                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.423093                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79915.603206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79915.603206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80656.557768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80656.557768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80203.986490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80203.986490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80203.986490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80203.986490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1046381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1046381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1255486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1255486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       800013                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       800013                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2055499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2055499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2055499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2055499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  84544683250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84544683250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54440940250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54440940250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138985623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 138985623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 138985623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 138985623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.171122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.222754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67340.203913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67340.203913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68050.069499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68050.069499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67616.488016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67616.488016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67616.488016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67616.488016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9222736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4085.561884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           624006676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9226832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             67.629569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        9704965000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4085.561884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1276393554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1276393554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    453661018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       453661018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst    170345536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      170345536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     624006554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        624006554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    624006554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       624006554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      7336174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7336174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst      2240511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2240511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      9576685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9576685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      9576685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9576685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 183520141245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 183520141245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101423015250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 101423015250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 284943156495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 284943156495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 284943156495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 284943156495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    460997192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    460997192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    633583239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    633583239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    633583239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    633583239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25015.783601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25015.783601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45267.805090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45267.805090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29753.840342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29753.840342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29753.840342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29753.840342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3700640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3700640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       349642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       349642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       349853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       349853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       349853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       349853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      7335963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7335963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1890869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1890869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9226832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9226832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      9226832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9226832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 168431190255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168431190255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  77354259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77354259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 245785449755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 245785449755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 245785449755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 245785449755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22959.656456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.656456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40909.369978                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40909.369978                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26638.119103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26638.119103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 26638.119103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26638.119103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
