
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.125902                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5125902116500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5125902116500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 182847                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   361437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2297162464                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 805240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2231.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   408006726                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     806511598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         4800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1043840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10813760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11891200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1043840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1043840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6604544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9594624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             168965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                185800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          103196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               149916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               203640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2109631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2319826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          203640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             203640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1288465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       583328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1871792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1288465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              203640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2109631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       588859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4191618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        185800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       149916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      185800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     149916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11876224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     14976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9592960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11891200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9594624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           1736                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               11298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               11071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               11217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              11355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              12125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              11861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5125902065000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  185800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 149916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    170703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     12067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     8527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     8842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    10246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    11384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     9208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     9073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        72846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      294.719271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.256286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     318.919065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28471     39.08%     39.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17446     23.95%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7310     10.03%     73.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4243      5.82%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2987      4.10%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1984      2.72%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1403      1.93%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1126      1.55%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7876     10.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          72846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        25.152094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      560.212559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7376     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.318558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.615023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.539295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6330     85.81%     85.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              64      0.87%     86.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              33      0.45%     87.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             268      3.63%     90.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             287      3.89%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              24      0.33%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              24      0.33%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              16      0.22%     95.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              20      0.27%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               2      0.03%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               6      0.08%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.03%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             237      3.21%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               3      0.04%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               2      0.03%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               3      0.04%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              11      0.15%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              12      0.16%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.01%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             3      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.03%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             6      0.08%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.04%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            13      0.18%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2068154250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5547516750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    927830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11145.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29895.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     151753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    110856                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15268566.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     4919748958000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      171165020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       34988035500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 267185520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 283530240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 145785750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 154704000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                715946400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                731460600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               477984240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               493302960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          334798779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          334798779120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          129305495790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          129519356940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          2962113436500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          2961925839000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            3427824613320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            3427906972860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.726542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.742609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                86911006                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          86911006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            901724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             80066722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                78189070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.654891                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1556278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             178526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                        449563158                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27553144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      429142218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    86911006                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           79745348                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     417985667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1891240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     143316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                50930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        210883                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       127962                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          502                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   9183903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                446388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    4881                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          447018024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.894555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.051977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                281457902     62.96%     62.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2285728      0.51%     63.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 72178245     16.15%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1597297      0.36%     79.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2150673      0.48%     80.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2329203      0.52%     80.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1531441      0.34%     81.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1871505      0.42%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 81616030     18.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            447018024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.193323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.954576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 22975502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             264891753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 150781344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               7423805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 945620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              838588132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 945620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 25820685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               223318475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       13301995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 154670533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              28960716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              835102889                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                477440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               12397064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 181319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               13705397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           997542850                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1813799502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1115056777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               257                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             964533940                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 33008908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             469072                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         473209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  39003947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17327064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10187947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1305152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1075480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  829577990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1211603                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 824337264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            238496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        23343623                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36066469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         155814                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     447018024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.844081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.418172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           262761301     58.78%     58.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            13855312      3.10%     61.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            10080747      2.26%     64.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6920313      1.55%     65.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            74355494     16.63%     82.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4460811      1.00%     83.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            72820656     16.29%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1197568      0.27%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              565822      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447018024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1976611     71.80%     71.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    212      0.01%     71.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                    1052      0.04%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 614146     22.31%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                161054      5.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            292817      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             795957789     96.56%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               150640      0.02%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                125262      0.02%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             18413325      2.23%     98.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             9397431      1.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              824337264                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.833641                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2753075                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003340                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2098683906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         854145561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    819784123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 216                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                406                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           61                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              826797420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     102                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1878905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3325392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14284                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14518                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1760345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2224613                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         71287                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 945620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               205593402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               9425350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           830789593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            184731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17327064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10187947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             714327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 416093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               8107674                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14518                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         515540                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1052436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             822725796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              18017825                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1477348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     27187593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 83308581                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9169768                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.830056                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      822221777                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     819784184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 641108962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1050701242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.823513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.610172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        24183935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1055789                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            913678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    443381671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.819001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.675688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    272578077     61.48%     61.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11201647      2.53%     64.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3542666      0.80%     64.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     74562549     16.82%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2432578      0.55%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1609465      0.36%     82.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       914477      0.21%     82.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     71049223     16.02%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5490989      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    443381671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            408006726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              806511598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       22429273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      14001671                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      475333                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   82207365                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 735317995                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1155841                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       174216      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        783641693     97.16%     97.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          144853      0.02%     97.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121563      0.02%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        14001671      1.74%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8427602      1.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         806511598                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               5490989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1268507964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1665044622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          294262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2545134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   9802241311                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                   408006726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     806511598                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.101852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.101852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.907563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.907563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1092659743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               656162059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        61                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 416306470                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                322125902                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               265627452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 402647                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1657683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.996297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19131015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1658195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.537253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          37454250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.996297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          88314142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         88314142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     10979297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        10979297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8084679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8084679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        64358                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         64358                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19063976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19063976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19128334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19128334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1796007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1796007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       333248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       333248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       406393                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406393                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2129255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2129255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2535648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2535648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26565336178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26565336178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12842853467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12842853467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39408189645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39408189645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39408189645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39408189645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     12775304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12775304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8417927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8417927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       470751                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       470751                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21193231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21193231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21663982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21663982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.140584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.863287                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.863287                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14791.332204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14791.332204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38538.426238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38538.426238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18507.970931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18507.970931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15541.664160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15541.664160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       378856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             39922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.489905                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1559289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1559289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       827651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       827651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        44088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        44088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       871739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       871739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       871739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       871739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       968356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       968356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       289160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       402927                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       402927                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1257516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1257516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1660443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1660443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12252685521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12252685521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11181268784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11181268784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5616168251                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5616168251                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23433954305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23433954305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29050122556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29050122556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  97390324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  97390324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2564320000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2564320000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  99954644000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  99954644000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.855924                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855924                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12653.079571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12653.079571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38668.103417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38668.103417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13938.426194                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13938.426194                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18635.114229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18635.114229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17495.404874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17495.404874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        74377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.812457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       116780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        74392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.569792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 194043074000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    15.812457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.988279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       459926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       459926                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       116782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       116782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       116782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       116782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       116782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       116782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        75454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        75454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        75454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    927232955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    927232955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    927232955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    927232955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    927232955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    927232955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       192236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       192236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       192236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       192236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       192236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12288.718358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12288.718358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12288.718358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12288.718358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12288.718358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12288.718358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        21876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        21876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        75454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    776178235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776178235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    776178235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776178235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    776178235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776178235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10286.773862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10286.773862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10286.773862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10286.773862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 10286.773862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10286.773862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            994393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.035216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             8125717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            994905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.167330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      147627648000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.035216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          10178850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         10178850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8125717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8125717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8125717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8125717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8125717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8125717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1058185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1058185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1058185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1058185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1058185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1058185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14693875503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14693875503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14693875503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14693875503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14693875503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14693875503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9183902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9183902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9183902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9183902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9183902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9183902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.115222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.115222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.115222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.115222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.115222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.115222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13885.923069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13885.923069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13885.923069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13885.923069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13885.923069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13885.923069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.646465                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        63237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        63237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        63237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        63237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       994948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       994948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       994948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       994948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       994948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       994948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12059629101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12059629101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12059629101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12059629101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12059629101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12059629101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12120.863704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12120.863704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12120.863704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12120.863704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12120.863704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12120.863704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        14092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     6.014059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        26262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        14107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.861629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5101924515000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     6.014059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.375879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.375879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        97491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        97491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        26265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        14987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        14987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    174073497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174073497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    174073497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    174073497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    174073497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    174073497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        41252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        41252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        41252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.363321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.363304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11614.966104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11614.966104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11614.966104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11614.966104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11614.966104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11614.966104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    144083525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144083525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    144083525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144083525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    144083525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144083525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  9613.900380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9613.900380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  9613.900380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9613.900380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  9613.900380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9613.900380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           113085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64818.383323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3831425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           176970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            21.650138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50432.340696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    22.760500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.143343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3264.453296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 11098.685488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.769536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.049812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.169353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54091                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974808                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         35031209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        35031209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       978548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1334624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        2394205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1584468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1584468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          309                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          309                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       153669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       153669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       978548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1488293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2547874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        68532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       978548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1488293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2547874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        16312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        35875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        52269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1444                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1444                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       169268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        185662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       169268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       185662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6508500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1253827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2884413497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4145309497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     16150808                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     16150808                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9313802457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9313802457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6508500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       560500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1253827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12198215954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13459111954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      6508500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       560500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1253827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12198215954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13459111954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       994860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1370499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2446474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1584468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1584468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1753                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       287062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       287062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       994860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1657561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2733536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        68607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       994860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1657561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2733536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.823731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.823731                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.464684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        86780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 80071.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76865.313879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80401.769951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79307.227936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11184.770083                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11184.770083                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69822.272960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69822.272960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        86780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 80071.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76865.313879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72064.512808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72492.550732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        86780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 80071.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76865.313879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72064.512808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72492.550732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       103196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           103196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1444                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1444                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       169267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       185659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       169267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1049198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2439336749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3494586749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     14472940                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14472940                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7638617543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7638617543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1049198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10077954292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11133204292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      5579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1049198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10077954292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11133204292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  89275584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  89275584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2397149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2397149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  91672733000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  91672733000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.823731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.001093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.102118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 74386.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 67571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64328.510116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67997.344846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66861.568687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10022.811634                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10022.811634                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57264.005930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57264.005930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 74386.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 67571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64328.510116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59538.801373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59965.874490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 74386.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 67571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64328.510116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59538.801373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59965.874490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        3066870                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3066328                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         13889                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13889                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      1584468                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46724                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       287069                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       287069                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1989808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6126047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        30798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       165937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8312590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     63671040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    207694139                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1011904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5790912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          278167995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                       58568                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4377947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        3.010880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.103740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3            4330313     98.91%     98.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4              47634      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4377947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4068281890                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1496480643                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3139987945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      22488486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     113254360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               225681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              225681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57721                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57721                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1644                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1644                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       427356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       471544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  570092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           39                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       213678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       242058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3276458                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3917656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              8889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               891000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                70000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                50000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            213679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy             1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            20719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           422009356                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           460543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            52362257                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47575                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.091458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4992976867000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.091458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428670                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              910                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152161446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152161446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152161446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    152161446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152161446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    152161446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167210.380220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167210.380220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167210.380220                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167210.380220                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167210.380220                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167210.380220                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      46720                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104814946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104814946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2846577667                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2846577667                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104814946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104814946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104814946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104814946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 115181.259341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115181.259341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 115181.259341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115181.259341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 115181.259341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115181.259341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              662592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             662582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            103196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            133104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           133101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         3288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       471544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio       775066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       477864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1724494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        94793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        94793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1822575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         6576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       242058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio      1550129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     18467392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     20259579                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3018432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3018432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23284587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            338415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  338415    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              338415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           251687000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           583226500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3288000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          1575195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy               13500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         3157657266                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           54931743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
