
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.363671                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2363670998000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2363670998000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1205605                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1299208                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1851916301                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 306192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1276.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1538759601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1658228914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         125322112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1958158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1958774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1017198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1017198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                16679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             53020117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53036796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           16679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              16679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          27542188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               27542188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          27542188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               16679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            53020117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               80578984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1177898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1177898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1017198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            780876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           780876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4934746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4934746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    190462208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               190462208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2975972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2975972    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2975972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11138507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        17642613000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   46                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4727341996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1538759601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1658228914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1477900422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     36                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    27330256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    167612489                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1477900422                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            36                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2601860372                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1125475224                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   24                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           6356387675                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           518236214                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     633153380                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   458306334                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  174847046                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               4727341995.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                         213462426                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                1030178775     61.91%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   700322      0.04%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  3      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                458306334     27.54%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               174847046     10.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1664032480                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           515.012865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1544564952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2420948.200627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   515.012865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.251471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.251471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.308105                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3089131818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3089131818                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1544564952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1544564952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1544564952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1544564952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1544564952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1544564952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34244500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34244500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34244500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53674.764890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53674.764890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53674.764890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53674.764890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53674.764890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53674.764890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32968500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32968500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32968500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32968500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51674.764890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51674.764890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51674.764890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51674.764890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51674.764890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51674.764890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1926075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        31008.537310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8967572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1955843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.585016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     150067859000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 15658.172881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    23.876038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 15326.488392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.477850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.467727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        26841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908447                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        106351328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       106351328                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6048805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6048827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3697418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3697418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1108273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1108273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7157078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7157100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7157078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7157100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1177282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1177898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       780876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       780876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1958774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1958774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32110500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  61239144500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  61271255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40608894000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  40608894000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32110500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 101848038500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 101880149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32110500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 101848038500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 101880149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      7226087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7226725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3697418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3697418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1889149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52127.435065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52017.396427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52017.453973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52004.279809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52004.279809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52127.435065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52012.165770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52012.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52127.435065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52012.165770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52012.202020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1017198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1017198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1177282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1177898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       780876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1958774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1958774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47098189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47122897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31238317000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31238317000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  78336506000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78361214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  78336506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78361214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40110.389610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.868602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.923263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40004.196569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40004.196569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40110.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.201827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.234907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40110.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.201827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.234907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9111140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.733705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           618380069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9115236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             67.840270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       25164666000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.733705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1264105846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1264105846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    447683049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       447683049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    170696898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      170696898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     618379947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        618379947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    618379947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       618379947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7226086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7226086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1889149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      9115235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9115235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9115236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 143405400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143405400500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57359071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57359071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 200764471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 200764471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 200764471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 200764471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    454909135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    454909135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    627495182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    627495182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    627495183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    627495183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19845.515332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19845.515332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30362.385921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30362.385921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22025.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22025.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22025.153435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22025.153435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3697418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3697418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7226086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7226086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1889149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9115235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9115235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9115236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 128953228500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 128953228500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53580773000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53580773000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 182534001500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 182534001500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 182534054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 182534054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17845.515332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17845.515332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28362.385921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28362.385921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20025.155852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20025.155852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20025.159469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20025.159469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7226725                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7226725                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3697418                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1889149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1889149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     21927890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          21929166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        40832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    820009856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          820050688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     12813292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           12813292    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       12813292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10104064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13672854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
