
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.058385                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 58384546000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                58384546000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 341117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   341117                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              225196692                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 245432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   259.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          10663104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10663104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       515328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          515328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7299072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7299072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             166611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            182635727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               182635727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8826445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8826445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         125017192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              125017192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         125017192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           182635727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              307652919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114048                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10662592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7297152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10663104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7299072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     58384519500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    164957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      330.333707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.729973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     332.976327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19356     35.60%     35.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11696     21.51%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5632     10.36%     67.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3623      6.66%     74.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2688      4.94%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2044      3.76%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1686      3.10%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1497      2.75%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6143     11.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.733295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      348.126500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7017     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.244194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.228515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.751123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6265     89.26%     89.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 18      0.26%     89.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                572      8.15%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                131      1.87%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 24      0.34%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  4      0.06%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  2      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28                  2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2006026500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5129832750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    833015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12040.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30790.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         182.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         124.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      182.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      125.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       208026.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE      31935315750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF        1949480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       24496780500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 198434880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 212398200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 108273000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 115891875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                642478200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                656705400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               367733520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               370876320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0            3813182880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1            3813182880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           12240327915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           12673025460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0           24291807750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1           23912248500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0             41662238145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1             41754328635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             713.619786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             715.197176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       447270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 447270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17962176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17962176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            280659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  280659    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              280659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1302108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1600532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14593516                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9448617                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            379109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10302575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6369350                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             61.822894                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1700742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              73233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20554145                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      96857                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             9                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20651002                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14666071                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9396                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14675467                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35220216                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106253                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             9                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35326469                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25540027                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5176                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25545203                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        116769092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1185538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.320349                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.757376                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        90792552                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        25976540                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            153164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1933.730829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25384814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            155212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            163.549300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       41528149250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1933.730829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.944205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51235266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51235266                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25384814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25384814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25384814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25384814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25384814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25384814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        155213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         155213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        155213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2516319497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2516319497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2516319497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2516319497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2516319497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2516319497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25540027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25540027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25540027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25540027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25540027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25540027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16212.040854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.040854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16212.040854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.040854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16212.040854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.040854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2202806503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202806503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2202806503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202806503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2202806503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202806503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.152094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14192.152094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.152094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14192.152094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14192.152094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14192.152094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         216522                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        216521                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       168531                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143561                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143561                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       310425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       578271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            888696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9933568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23897664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33831232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       528614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             528614    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         528614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      432838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     234362497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     343210750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30473.454944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             220028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.335421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26247.246790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4226.208154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.801002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.128974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978851                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          4537236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         4537236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       180791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         180791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst        12680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       193471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          193471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       193471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         193471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        35731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        35731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       130881                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130881                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       166612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       166612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2608794250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2608794250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9709899750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9709899750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12318694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12318694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12318694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12318694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       216522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       216522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       143561                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143561                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       360083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       360083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       360083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       360083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.165022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.462704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.462704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73012.069352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73012.069352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74188.764985                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74188.764985                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73936.415144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73936.415144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73936.415144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73936.415144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        35731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       130881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       166612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       166612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2155637750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2155637750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8025242250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8025242250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10180880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10180880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10180880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10180880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.165022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.911675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.462704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60329.622737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60329.622737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61317.091480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.091480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61105.322546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61105.322546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61105.322546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61105.322546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200774                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4071.445438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34597334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.874574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         644670250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4071.445438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70138572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70138572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     20264067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20264067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     14333267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      34597334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34597334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     34597334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34597334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        89407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       280110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       369517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       369517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4423552750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4423552750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20095524250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20095524250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  24519077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24519077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  24519077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24519077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20353474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20353474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     34966851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34966851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     34966851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34966851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49476.581811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49476.581811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71741.545286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71741.545286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66354.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66354.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66354.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66354.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        28097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       136550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       164647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       164647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        61310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       143560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       204870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       204870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2430963250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2430963250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9980296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9980296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12411259250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12411259250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12411259250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12411259250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39650.354755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39650.354755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69520.033435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69520.033435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60581.145360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60581.145360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60581.145360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60581.145360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
