
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   105696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  105696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 145069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   145069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15443503                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 252160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      992854                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        992854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            23104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             4800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         4800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           29056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           218589161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           101725704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             8477142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             7871632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            45413261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            12110203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             2422041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7871632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               404480775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      218589161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        8477142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       45413261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        2422041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          274901605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          218589161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          101725704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            8477142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7871632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           45413261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           12110203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            2422041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7871632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              404480775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           669                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         669                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             78                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       105668000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     669                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      280.167832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     190.166692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     257.214493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             42     29.37%     29.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           39     27.27%     56.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           24     16.78%     73.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      9.09%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      4.20%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      4.20%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      4.20%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.40%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      3.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6392250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  18936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9554.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28304.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         405.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      405.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        515                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       157949.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE         46119750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF           3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT          52590250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                    695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                    355320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                    379500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                    193875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                  2776800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                  2051400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0               6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1               6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0              36176760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1              31269060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0              29154750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1              33459750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0                75794610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1                73940685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             746.882897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             728.614251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              244                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            6384422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  424.241443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     3.115888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.793516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      289.763968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.233930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        9.364536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.722908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       57.054480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        5.356180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        2.266531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.685395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008163                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    20109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   20109                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               80                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  681                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25064250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1337250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5652250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       765250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       39069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6921000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       852750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1047250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9658000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25064250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1337250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       927750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5652250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1812500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        48727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25064250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      1337250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       927750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5652250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1812500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       48727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               2217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.592170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.034205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.162272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.014028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.248083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.592170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.034205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.162272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.014028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.290034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.592170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.034205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.162272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.014028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.290034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69047.520661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76243.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78661.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70653.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 109321.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 65428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71034.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73627.659574                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71062.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80557.692308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        69750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73725.190840                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69047.520661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74779.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71365.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70653.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        90625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 65428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70153.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71552.129222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69047.520661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74779.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71365.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70653.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        90625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 65428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70153.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71552.129222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           75                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20478250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4446750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       678750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       236250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       230023                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       170017                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       180018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       200020                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       780078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5761500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       701250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       888250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       687000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8038000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20478250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10490500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       763750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4446750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       236250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20478250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10490500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       763750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4446750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       236250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.152130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.152130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.284923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.152130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.008016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56569.751381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63905.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70357.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        59290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96964.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 59062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58882.899628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61292.553191                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58437.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68326.923077                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        57250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61358.778626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56569.751381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62443.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        59290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        78350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 59062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57653.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59367.713004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56569.751381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62443.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        59290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        78350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 59062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57653.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59367.713004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2766                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2765                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            279                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              406                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             406                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        39168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 150272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   3452    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1739480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2819999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy           1460516                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2239746                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy           1188247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy           2234243                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy           1152996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           2246748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           1204495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78534                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               78143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  75395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.483370                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          211393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             20064                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        481063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             76128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       164143                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1880                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            187427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.566669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.225288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   30149     16.09%     16.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   77654     41.43%     57.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     823      0.44%     57.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1078      0.58%     58.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     624      0.33%     58.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   72980     38.94%     97.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     691      0.37%     98.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     437      0.23%     98.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2991      1.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              187427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.385150                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.275681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                17837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   151841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                469212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   151852                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                465757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             319012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               928821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          701999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               305055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13957                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               896                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              148578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            72446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    389771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                964                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   386457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               23                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11103                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       187427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.061907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.125198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              33106     17.66%     17.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4299      2.29%     19.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              73629     39.28%     59.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              73187     39.05%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1656      0.88%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                900      0.48%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                407      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                171      0.09%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 72      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         187427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     96     33.92%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     33.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    84     29.68%     63.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  103     36.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               163898     42.41%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              148040     38.31%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74519     19.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                386457                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.828145                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        283                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            960647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           403001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       384607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                386740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           71819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   1980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   50                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             463607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               148578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    45                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           323                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               385445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               147736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        72872                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      222117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76458                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74381                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.823357                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        384977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       384607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   228096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   231328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.819393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.986028                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13622                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       184803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.434668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.147538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        33298     18.02%     18.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        75556     40.88%     58.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2014      1.09%     59.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          640      0.35%     60.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          527      0.29%     60.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        71511     38.70%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          520      0.28%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          249      0.13%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          488      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       184803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              449934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                449934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        219682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       146117                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     75452                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   303386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        72184     16.04%     16.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          157984     35.11%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         146201     32.49%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         73565     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           449934                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      646710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     929757                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          23966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     377666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       377666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.559735                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.559735                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.786559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.786559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  689346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 310987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 224004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          240.567538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.336601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   240.567538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.469858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.469858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         6326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         6326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         6326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36689746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36689746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36689746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36689746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36689746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36689746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         7123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         7123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         7123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46034.813049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46034.813049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46034.813049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46034.813049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 46034.813049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46034.813049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28185001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28185001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28185001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28185001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28185001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28185001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45978.794454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45978.794454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45978.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45978.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45978.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45978.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          141.516453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             148253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           872.076471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.516453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.276399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.276399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.328125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           597940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          597940                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        72979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         72979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             20                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       148341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          148341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       148341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         148341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15203420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15203420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32866263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32866263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       427750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       427750                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48069683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     48069683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48069683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     48069683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        73523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       149365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       149365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523810                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.523810                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31673.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31673.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60415.924632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60415.924632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19443.181818                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19443.181818                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46943.049805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46943.049805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46943.049805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46943.049805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.925926                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6258507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6258507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7387727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7387727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       382250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382250                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13646234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13646234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13646234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13646234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523810                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523810                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34387.401099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34387.401099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41272.217877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41272.217877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        17375                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17375                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37801.202216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37801.202216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37801.202216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37801.202216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  52620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            49209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               45306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  44357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.905355                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          161023                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             31247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        289875                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      52620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             45232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       125550                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1122                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    22380                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  446                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            159305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.819623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.179377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   56744     35.62%     35.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   52063     32.68%     68.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    6924      4.35%     72.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3540      2.22%     74.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                    1103      0.69%     75.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   33079     20.76%     96.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1261      0.79%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     757      0.48%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3834      2.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              159305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.326786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.800209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   17668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                57241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    79500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3513                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                275603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  26779                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         12577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    80781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                19401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                272270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 17163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             191050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               520032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          405162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               176680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   14370                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    24088                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               76067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              35939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            36374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           30769                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    225624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   227547                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               18                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11238                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           649                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.428373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.374842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              60375     37.90%     37.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              22487     14.12%     52.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              35297     22.16%     74.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              34879     21.89%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3406      2.14%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1579      0.99%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                861      0.54%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                224      0.14%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                197      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     89     26.49%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     26.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    38     11.31%     37.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               111688     49.08%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               80614     35.43%     84.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              35245     15.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                227547                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.413134                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        336                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001477                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            614753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           244854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       225845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                227883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           30551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   7085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   49                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             269526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                76067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               35939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    28                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1037                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               226408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                75003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        37236                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      110148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   46633                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     35145                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.406060                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        226126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       225845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   127804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   134338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.402564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.951361                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6017                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       156709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.629549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.048246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        66028     42.13%     42.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        43411     27.70%     69.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5268      3.36%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6809      4.34%     77.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1543      0.98%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30606     19.53%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          798      0.51%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          967      0.62%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1279      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       156709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              255365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                255365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        107755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        73429                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       5300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     45589                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   175463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        36376     14.24%     14.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          105934     41.48%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          78729     30.83%     86.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34326     13.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           255365                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      424317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     541540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           1718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       43314                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     213689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       213689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.753539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.753539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.327071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.327071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  390200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 182656                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 111763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           78.707719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              21821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.905433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    78.707719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.153726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.153726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.212891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            22877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           22877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        21821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        21821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           21821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        21821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          21821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8425746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8425746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8425746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8425746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8425746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8425746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        22380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        22380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        22380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        22380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        22380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15072.890877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.890877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15072.890877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.890877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15072.890877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15072.890877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6648254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6648254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6648254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6648254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6648254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6648254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13376.768612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13376.768612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13376.768612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13376.768612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13376.768612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13376.768612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.402316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              40362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1441.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.402316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.047661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           315306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          315306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        43998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          43998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        34119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        78117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           78117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        78117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          78117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5820038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5820038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2819511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2819511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       502006                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       502006                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8639549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8639549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8639549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8639549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        44437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        78692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        78692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.009879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.816901                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.816901                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13257.489749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13257.489749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20731.698529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20731.698529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8655.275862                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8655.275862                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15025.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15025.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15025.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15025.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1085520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1288239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1288239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       385994                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385994                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2373759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2373759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2373759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2373759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.816901                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816901                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6659.631902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6659.631902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12386.913462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12386.913462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6655.068966                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6655.068966                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8890.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8890.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8890.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8890.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  52660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            48877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               45218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  43881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.043213                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          160663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             30584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        291962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      52660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             44794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       122431                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1111                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    21169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            155507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.877485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.219728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   53998     34.72%     34.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   51209     32.93%     67.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    6210      3.99%     71.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3413      2.19%     73.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     933      0.60%     74.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   33386     21.47%     95.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1293      0.83%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     846      0.54%     97.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    4219      2.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              155507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.327767                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.817232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                52592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    80411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 3267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                276853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   18564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  24147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         12636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    81735                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                17051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                273529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 15090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             193256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               525177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          409210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               178291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   14965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    21746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               76624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              36478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            36325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           31287                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    227715                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6015                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   228842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               34                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           647                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       155507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.471586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.386146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              57410     36.92%     36.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              20565     13.22%     50.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              35759     23.00%     73.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              35374     22.75%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3397      2.18%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1636      1.05%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                896      0.58%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                267      0.17%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                203      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         155507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     89     26.57%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     26.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    37     11.04%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               112448     49.14%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               80571     35.21%     84.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              35823     15.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                228842                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.424360                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        335                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            613560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           246890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       227101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                229177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           31107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                   6807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   58                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             270837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                76624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               36478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1098                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    36                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               227700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                75599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        37107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      111310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   46563                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     35711                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.417252                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        227402                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       227101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   129036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   135804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.413524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.950163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       152859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.675858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.068536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        62472     40.87%     40.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        43239     28.29%     69.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5166      3.38%     72.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6247      4.09%     76.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1528      1.00%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31073     20.33%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          875      0.57%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          941      0.62%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1318      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       152859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              256170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                256170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        108804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        73922                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       4659                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     45502                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   176434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        36297     14.17%     14.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          106410     41.54%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          78581     30.68%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34882     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           256170                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      421739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     544215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           5156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       43676                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     215214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       215214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.746527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.746527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.339537                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.339537                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  394013                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 184721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 112958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           85.367642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              20592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            41.768763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    85.367642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.166734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.220703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            21662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           21662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        20592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        20592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           20592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        20592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          20592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13065992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13065992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13065992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13065992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13065992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13065992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        21169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        21169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        21169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.027257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22644.700173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22644.700173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22644.700173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22644.700173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22644.700173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22644.700173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10294257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10294257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10294257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10294257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10294257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10294257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20880.845842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20880.845842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20880.845842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20880.845842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20880.845842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20880.845842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.876504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              41118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1417.862069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.876504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.050540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           317671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          317671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        44059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        34671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        78730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           78730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        78730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          78730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           49                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7441548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7441548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3663511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3663511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       451006                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       451006                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11105059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11105059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11105059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11105059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        44474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        34819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           63                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        79293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        79293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        79293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        79293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17931.440964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17931.440964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24753.452703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24753.452703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9204.204082                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9204.204082                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19724.793961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19724.793961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19724.793961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19724.793961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           49                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1686771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1686771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1511239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1511239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       352994                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       352994                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3198010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3198010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3198010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3198010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11024.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11024.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13992.953704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13992.953704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7203.959184                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7203.959184                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12252.911877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12252.911877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12252.911877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12252.911877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  48141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            44605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               40897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  39710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.097587                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    884                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          160319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             33851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        260297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      48141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             40594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       122891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1076                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    24972                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  417                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            159213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.634898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.125574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   64563     40.55%     40.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   48696     30.59%     71.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    8235      5.17%     76.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3504      2.20%     78.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                    1064      0.67%     79.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   27204     17.09%     96.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1240      0.78%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     753      0.47%     97.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3954      2.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              159213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.300283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.623619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   17777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                68157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    67726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 4161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                245360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   18479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  33142                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    69300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                24059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                241885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 21460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             168616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               454082                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          355646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               153987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   14629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    28919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               65522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              29976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            31799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           24828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    198526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7988                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   201423                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               33                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11999                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           692                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       159213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.265117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.367863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              68514     43.03%     43.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              26230     16.47%     59.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              29303     18.40%     77.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              28880     18.14%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3418      2.15%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1568      0.98%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                871      0.55%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                223      0.14%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                206      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         159213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     92     26.36%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     26.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    48     13.75%     40.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     59.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               100972     50.13%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               71204     35.35%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              29247     14.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                201423                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.256389                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        349                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            562441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           219414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       199715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                201772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           24567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1382                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                   8523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   57                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             239131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                65522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               29976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    32                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               200291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                64311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        32617                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       93457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   41928                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     29146                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.249328                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        200012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       199715                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   111117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   117670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.245735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.944310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       156559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.434092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.973064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        75373     48.14%     48.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        38673     24.70%     72.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5214      3.33%     76.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         8076      5.16%     81.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1539      0.98%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24642     15.74%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          775      0.50%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          961      0.61%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1306      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       156559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              224520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                224520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         91055                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        62716                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       6575                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     40877                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   154046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        31660     14.10%     14.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           95230     42.41%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          69291     30.86%     87.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         28339     12.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           224520                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      393745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     480811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            204                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       44020                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     186285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       186285                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.860611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.860611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.161965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.161965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  340113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 159981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                  95078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           77.771025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              24411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.919840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    77.771025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.151897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.151897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.220703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            25471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           25471                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        24411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          24411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        24411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           24411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        24411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          24411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7400997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7400997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7400997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7400997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7400997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7400997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        24972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        24972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        24972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        24972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        24972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13192.508021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13192.508021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13192.508021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13192.508021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13192.508021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13192.508021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5888752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5888752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5888752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11801.106212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11801.106212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11801.106212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11801.106212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11801.106212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11801.106212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.453129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              34358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1227.071429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    23.453129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           272485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          272485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        39283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        28128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        67411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           67411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        67411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          67411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5776999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5776999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2748012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2748012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       544508                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       544508                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8525011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8525011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8525011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8525011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        39718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        28264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           75                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        67982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        67982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        67982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        67982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.826667                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.826667                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13280.457471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13280.457471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20205.970588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20205.970588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8782.387097                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8782.387097                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14929.966725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14929.966725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14929.966725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14929.966725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1189025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1291488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1291488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       420492                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       420492                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2480513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2480513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2480513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2480513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.826667                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826667                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7162.801205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7162.801205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12538.718447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12538.718447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6782.129032                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6782.129032                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9221.237918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9221.237918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9221.237918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9221.237918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
