
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841612                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841612450000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841612450000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 223623                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   223623                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6307109470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 313464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   291.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    65295558                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      65295558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           476096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20002240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           298304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2641344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25814784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       476096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       298304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          921408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4825792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::tsunami.ide      2659328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7485120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            312535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             35138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             41271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                403356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           75403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::tsunami.ide          41552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              258521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10861265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1221121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              161980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1434256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14017490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         258521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         161980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             500327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2620417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::tsunami.ide          1444022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4064438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2620417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             258521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10861265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1444543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1221121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             161980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1434256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18081928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         83382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        46694                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       83382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      46694                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5333696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2986816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5336448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2988416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             55                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840600173500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   83382                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  46694                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     66361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     3527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      384.870346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     218.868855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     380.663334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7130     32.98%     32.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4830     22.34%     55.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1852      8.57%     63.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1050      4.86%     68.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          916      4.24%     72.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          498      2.30%     75.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          396      1.83%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          403      1.86%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4544     21.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        40.867092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1027.907354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2037     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.888180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.579378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.470267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-7                42      2.06%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-15                4      0.20%      2.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            1722     84.45%     86.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             114      5.59%     92.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              19      0.93%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47               3      0.15%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               5      0.25%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               2      0.10%     93.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               2      0.10%     93.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               3      0.15%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              15      0.74%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               5      0.25%     94.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103             79      3.87%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             5      0.25%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             1      0.05%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             5      0.25%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             5      0.25%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             3      0.15%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             1      0.05%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             1      0.05%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      882163500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2444769750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    416695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10585.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29335.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      71513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     36876                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14150190.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     1766563042250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       61495460000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       13553394000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                  81912600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                  81527040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  44694375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  44484000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                325096200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                324948000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               152701200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               149713920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          120285119760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          120285119760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           46099249605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           45830401695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1064529191250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1064765022750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1231517964990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1231481217165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.717430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.697476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             75403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       882385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       916307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 999702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30639616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30685184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2666880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2666880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33352064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                               55                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            520629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  520629    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              520629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11839500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           516853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          782820695                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           17912499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337573                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65418.651212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2486411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.173814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54701.898581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2338.827583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2722.708612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      571.952854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      605.884854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2274.772027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2202.606700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.834685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.035688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.041545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.034710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.033609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26257052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26257052                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             505398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             481784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             121841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              80801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             322748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             255127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1767699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835833                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835833                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90729                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            25227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            70911                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              505398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              572513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              121841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              106028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              322748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              326038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1954566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             505398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             572513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             121841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             106028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             322748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             326038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1954566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           238433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            16797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            18005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74189                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          18351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          23300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            312622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             35148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             41305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           312622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            35148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            41305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1123783250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    353640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1207129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2856765250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       175993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       175993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        46498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        46498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1259346740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1952437723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3211784463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2383129990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    353640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3159566723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6068549713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2383129990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    353640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3159566723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6068549713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         512837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         720217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         124138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          97598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         327409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         273132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2055331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835833                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835833                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       164918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        94211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          512837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          885135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          124138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          141176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          327409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          367343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2358038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         512837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         885135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         124138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         141176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         327409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         367343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2358038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.331057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.172104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.065921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.139944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.631579                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.449854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.421107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.247317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.353191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.248966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.112443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.353191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.248966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.112443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74973.008272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66903.807227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75872.130444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67044.098861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9932.014692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10999.562500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.041667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        23249                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23249                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68625.510326                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83795.610429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27726.039908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74973.008272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67802.719643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75872.130444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76493.565501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15040.819965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74973.008272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67802.719643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75872.130444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76493.565501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15040.819965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75403                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75403                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        23300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            83411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           83411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    913492250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    294969000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    982528500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2333959750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       173016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1028775260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1667747777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2696523037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1942267510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    294969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2650276277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5030482787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    142970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1942267510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    294969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2650276277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5030482787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    233807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    320899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    554706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    302174000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    396022500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    698196500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    535981000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    716921500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1252902500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.172104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421053                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.421107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.247317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.248966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.248966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62242.054854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54384.250164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63284.488307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54569.758400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55889.840757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10813.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10813.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56060.991772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71577.157811                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64740.895465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62242.054854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55259.687891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63284.488307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64163.570439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60309.584911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62242.054854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55259.687891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63284.488307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64163.570439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60309.584911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693889963000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9417462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9417462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54436.196532                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      41552                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1039517841                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039517841                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5776462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5776462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82520.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4820532                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      5970                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          109                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  427970                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3430087                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      674                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          81                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 164325                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8250619                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6644                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          190                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  592295                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2728150                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3015                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                          97                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2731165                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929887646                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30964546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30964546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             28877269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                164895                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     798898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3870413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    28877269                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       164895                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           39993375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21214284                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               85263                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8280000                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4841351                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3438649                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              908004121.642144                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              21883524.357856                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023534                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976466                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4926659                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1578204      5.10%      5.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 20416117     65.92%     71.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31858      0.10%     71.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12902      0.04%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1598      0.01%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4972343     16.05%     87.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3441751     11.11%     98.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                516607      1.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  30971380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6422                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211354                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74794     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105681     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182556                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73427     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73427     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818780188000     98.76%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39182000      0.00%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              357649000      0.02%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22434661500      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841611680500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175299     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192210                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2093                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1907                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1738                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391059                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29705567000      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2577814500      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809328294500     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2062606                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2062584                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           835833                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        17283                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              38                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302707                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302707                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1928849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3657196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5586045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     61721856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142735808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              204457664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           41925                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3235706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.012896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                3193978     98.71%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  41728      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3235706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2218971499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           247500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2034366165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2306919756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              27090                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        24272                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           155677802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17534501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           963743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.196442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           40274426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           964254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            41.767445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10190503250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   263.296847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    67.404531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   180.495065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.514252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.131649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.352529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         42219519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        42219519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30458523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7341413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2474490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       40274426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30458523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7341413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2474490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        40274426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30458523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7341413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2474490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       40274426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       512857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       343653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       980648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       512857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       343653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        980648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       512857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       343653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       980648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1770888500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4833799298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6604687798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1770888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4833799298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6604687798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1770888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4833799298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6604687798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30971380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7465551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2818143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41255074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30971380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7465551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2818143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     41255074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30971380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7465551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2818143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     41255074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14265.482769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14065.930744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6735.023982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14265.482769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14065.930744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6735.023982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14265.482769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14065.930744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6735.023982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.645963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       451588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       451588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       124138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       327450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       451588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1521699500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3997566325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519265825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1521699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3997566325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519265825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1521699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3997566325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519265825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.128051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12208.173233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.905420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.128051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12208.173233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.905420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12258.128051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12208.173233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12221.905420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13262946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.516725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   261.690760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    74.796063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   175.510993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.511115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.146086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.342795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63351559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63351559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3996259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1054031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2516397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7566687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3140432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       808252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1363715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5312399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        18764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       123404                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        20737                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7136691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1862283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3880112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12879086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7136691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1862283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3880112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12879086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       710837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        95497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       564447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1370781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       164929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        43579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       628162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       836670                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9380                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7681                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       875766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       139076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1192609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2207451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       875766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       139076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1192609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2207451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2207514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9811838599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12019352599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1651311760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20363561979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22014873739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27705250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    128352996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    156058246                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       130502                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       130502                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3858825760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  30175400578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34034226338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3858825760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  30175400578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34034226338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4707096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1149528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3080844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8937468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3305361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       851831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1991877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6149069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199329                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8012457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2001359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5072721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15086537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8012457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2001359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5072721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15086537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.183212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.153375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.315362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.136065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100695                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.130645                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094110                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.235102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.235102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23116.056002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17383.099917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8768.251529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37892.373850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32417.691581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26312.493264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13186.696811                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16710.453847                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8144.152281                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16312.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16312.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27746.165837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25302.006423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15417.885307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27746.165837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25302.006423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15417.885307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       891586                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            62691                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.221914                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    80.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       297087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       297087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       534212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       534212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       831299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       831299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       831299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       831299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        95497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       267360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       362857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        93950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       137529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2101                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6057                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       139076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       361310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       500386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       139076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       361310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       500386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2008989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4477810640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6486799640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1555821240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2924918842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4480740082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23501750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     73479753                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96981503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       114498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       114498                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3564810240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7402729482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10967539722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3564810240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7402729482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10967539722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    249745500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    342957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    592702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    320247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    420262500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    740509500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    569992500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    763219500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1333212000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047167                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100695                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103022                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040066                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21037.194886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16748.244464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17877.013920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35701.168912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31132.717850                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32580.329109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11185.982865                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12131.377415                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11887.901814                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14312.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14312.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25632.102160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20488.581777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21918.158626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25632.102160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20488.581777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21918.158626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1168269                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1330                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           35                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  141659                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     872893                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      171                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  57101                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2041162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1501                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           57                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  198760                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     849127                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      665                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          34                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 849792                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953403050                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7463992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7463992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6937939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 43895                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     203449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       905325                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6937939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        43895                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9652072                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5060714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               23736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24066                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2048141                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1172984                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    875157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              923975246.943285                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              29427803.056715                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.030866                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.969134                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1173357                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               399705      5.35%      5.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4844088     64.89%     70.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8214      0.11%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5110      0.07%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1201071     16.09%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 876369     11.74%     98.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                130183      1.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7465550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                9020137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          8282573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           125563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6965204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                4892106                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            70.236364                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 299658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3485260                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12402                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          152                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  227268                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2138350                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2805                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         140                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  85115                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5623610                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     15207                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          292                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  312383                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     538601                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5813                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         166                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 544414                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        29513686                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9389582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      35469274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    9020137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           5191764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     18021119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 410530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       228650                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        98931                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          387                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2818143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                92772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          27955647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.268770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.388372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                20239272     72.40%     72.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  311789      1.12%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  473018      1.69%     75.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 3278988     11.73%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  836372      2.99%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  194449      0.70%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  239819      0.86%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  437682      1.57%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1944258      6.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            27955647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.305626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.201791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7697914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             13194592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6089531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               535341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                192357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              175638                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13257                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              32098439                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                42458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                192357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7981444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4806689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6360452                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  6310892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2057913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              31276153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                68586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                406035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 57262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                980638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           20937225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             38641604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        38581458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56230                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             19023888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1913337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            532654                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         63537                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3939185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3509523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2229292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           463055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          331167                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  28745476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             680921                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 28394222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2445259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1154216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        487025                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27955647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.015688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.594887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17573743     62.86%     62.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2782129      9.95%     72.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1379697      4.94%     77.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4038946     14.45%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1015784      3.63%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             573145      2.05%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             387606      1.39%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             155412      0.56%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              49185      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       27955647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83781     21.60%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                179225     46.21%     67.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               124810     32.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2456      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22268545     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21109      0.07%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20518      0.07%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1228      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3613635     12.73%     91.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2162330      7.62%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            304401      1.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              28394222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.962070                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     387816                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          84894498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         31757890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27813110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             253784                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            119651                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       117192                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              28643478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 136104                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          207211                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1413                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6020                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5023                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       176307                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                192357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4003600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               328635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30811270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3509523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2229292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            606230                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15640                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               265026                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6020                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         63511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              198209                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             28196871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3506429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           197351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1384873                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5652310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 5956275                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2145881                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.955383                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      27971955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     27930302                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 15891558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 19546280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.946351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.813022                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2680068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         193896                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           181086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27486207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.021790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.858200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18368842     66.83%     66.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2248676      8.18%     75.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1182960      4.30%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3745017     13.63%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       544035      1.98%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201250      0.73%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       165260      0.60%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       179807      0.65%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       850360      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27486207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            28085126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              28085126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5121230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3070704                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   5783973                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    115466                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 26570607                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              240322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1220562      4.35%      4.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        21327099     75.94%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20651      0.07%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20069      0.07%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1228      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3138954     11.18%     91.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2052162      7.31%     98.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       304401      1.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         28085126                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               850360                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    57323983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   61998256                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         175445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1558039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1746293269                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   26867020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     26867020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.098510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.098510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.910324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.910324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                36957336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               19827241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    70923                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   71075                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                3638892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                273174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
