
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000667                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   666669000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  666669000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              141005098                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 405228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 77587                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 78424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 78448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 79552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 79510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 77345                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 78315                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 77919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               627100                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       389952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5508                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5505                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5430                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5540                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5369                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5487                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5602                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            433881                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 86938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                116380093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                117635588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                117671588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                119327582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                119264583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                116017094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                117472089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                116878091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               940646708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         584925953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 8261971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 8257471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 8144971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 8309971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 8053472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 8230471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 8402971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 8231971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              650819222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         584925953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               124642064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               125893059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               125816560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               127637553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               127318054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               124247565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               125875059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               125110062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1591465930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               83865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              83861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            58314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           47560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             50259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       420880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 420880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1060914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1060914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            57934                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            123225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  123225    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              123225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           288472152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              43.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          310892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             46.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13077                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  783.417350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     150095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    13853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.834837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     730.528683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.960741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.211335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.682597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.340197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.666463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             5.896963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.159072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.971301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.713407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.005759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.765056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1967301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1967301                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           76131                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                76131                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  391                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  349                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  346                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  327                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2756                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1935                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1923                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15515                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1921                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1938                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1929                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1936                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1909                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15471                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4370                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4410                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              35194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        44350412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        42088920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        42842422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        43387924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        44233435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        40432424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        42285920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        43294412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      342915869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     53982500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     57751996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     56478495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     54930999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     55403495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     57236497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     57195998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     53900999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    446880979                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     234747448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     235575440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     236263447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     235909448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     237652448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     244314939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     237512440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     233621439                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1895597049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        279097860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        277664360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        279105869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        279297372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        281885883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        284747363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        279798360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        276915851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2238512918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       279097860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       277664360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       279105869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       279297372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       281885883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       284747363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       279798360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       276915851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2238512918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        76131                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            76131                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2304                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2330                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6325                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              142089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             142089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.062259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.059590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.059533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.061592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.064168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.058325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.059979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.060609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.060757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.829332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.848873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.869838                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.846795                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.849826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.849785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.855502                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.840969                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.848796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.691099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.690909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.698206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.691288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.688740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.700974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.696016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.695005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.694039                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.285900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.285367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.285265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.286165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.288901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.291901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.286277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.284311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.286764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.285900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.285367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.285265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.286165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.288901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.291901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.286277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.284311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.286764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 62377.513361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 62169.748892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 62452.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61630.573864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60510.854993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61168.568835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61551.557496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62294.117986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61764.385627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28411.842105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30063.506507                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 29142.670279                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 28476.412131                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28295.962717                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28907.321717                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 29543.387397                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 28235.201152                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28885.073945                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 53890.598714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 53907.423341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 53720.656435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 53860.604566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 53889.443991                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 53861.318122                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 53943.320463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 53817.424326                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53861.369807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55081.480166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55015.724193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54898.872738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54936.540519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54830.943980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54790.718299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54970.208251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54987.261914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54938.225053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55081.480166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55015.724193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54898.872738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54936.540519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54830.943980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54790.718299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54970.208251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54987.261914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54938.225053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             12282                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     1706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.199297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6093                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6093                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                 10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1900                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1921                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1937                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1957                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1936                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1909                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4534                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         35159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     35751412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     33806921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     34429923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     34692924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     35248936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     32226426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     33940420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     34712413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274809375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     77994997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     78725495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     79510490                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     79106497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     80259995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     81257495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     79519997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     78273997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634648963                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    181946449                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    182532940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    182934447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    182700448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    184033448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    189305939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    184033940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    180980939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468468550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    217697861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    216339861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    217364370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    217393372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    219282384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    221532365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    217974360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    215693352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1743277925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    217697861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    216339861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    217364370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    217393372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    219282384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    221532365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    217974360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    215693352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1743277925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    401967952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    402344948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    400970454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    406380953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    407457452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    405842942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    405383447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    402958951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3233307099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    231807968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    231164475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    229115474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    232479973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    225183971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    232284466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    236479465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    230210970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1848726762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    633775920                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    633509423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    630085928                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    638860926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    632641423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    638127408                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    641862912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    633169921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5082033861                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.062172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.059238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.059360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.060980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.063641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.057443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.059892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.059998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.829332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.848873                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.869390                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.846356                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.849392                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.849785                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.855502                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.840969                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848631                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.690782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.689960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.697730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.690341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.687803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.700665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.695068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.694364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.285730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.284802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.284985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.285433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.288227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.291227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.285883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.283690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.285730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.284802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.284985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.285433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.288227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.291227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.285883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.283690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50354.101408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50233.166419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50336.144737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49774.639885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 48619.222069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 49502.958525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 49475.830904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50454.088663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49838.479325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41049.998421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 40981.517439                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41048.265359                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41030.340768                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41011.750128                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41039.138889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41074.378616                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41002.617601                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41029.801073                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41788.343822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 41826.979835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41623.309898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41769.649749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41787.794732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41752.522938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41854.432568                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41729.522481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41766.505020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42989.309044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42950.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42796.686356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42869.921514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42753.438097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42725.624879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42883.013968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42924.050149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42860.814914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42989.309044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42950.141155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42796.686356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42869.921514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42753.438097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42725.624879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42883.013968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42924.050149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42860.814914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             370706                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370692                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43929                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43926                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            76131                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           28975                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28973                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           161585                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          161579                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                963916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1754904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1765350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1754211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1769359                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1771216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1757581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1758989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14087855                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          322583                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           561153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                 561153    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             561153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          655042579                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             98.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         160407425                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         161285735                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            24.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         160748299                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         160702936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         160745511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         160832963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         161488791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            24.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         160912467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            24.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99051                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54715                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.562401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.580651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      393.562401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.768677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    963275637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963275637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    887897909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    887897909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1851173546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1851173546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1851173546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1851173546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         24824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           69923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          69923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.807734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.860718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.860718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 26443.275420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26443.275420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 37375.732825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37375.732825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30758.566164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30758.566164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30758.566164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30758.566164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1029913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.428141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    885441811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885441811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    837618111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837618111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1723059922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723059922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1723059922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723059922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    694921548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    694921548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1720175961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1720175961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2415097509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2415097509                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.807734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.956977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 24306.627073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24306.627073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 35259.223396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35259.223396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28629.867108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28629.867108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28629.867108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28629.867108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99180                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55130                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.358014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.582030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      393.358014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.768277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    969995629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    969995629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    886374819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    886374819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1856370448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1856370448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1856370448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1856370448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.809642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 26398.748884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26398.748884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 37295.919339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37295.919339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30678.738192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30678.738192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30678.738192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30678.738192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1031479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63034                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.363851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    891488909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891488909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    836075987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836075987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1727564896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727564896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1727564896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727564896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    694858067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    694858067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1710734008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1710734008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2405592075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2405592075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.809642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 24262.162775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24262.162775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 35179.499579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35179.499579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28550.072649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28550.072649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28550.072649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28550.072649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99086                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55118                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.163299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      393.163299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.767897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337674                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    967487980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    967487980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    890162777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    890162777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1857650757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1857650757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1857650757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1857650757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         24930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.805968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.858323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.858323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 26494.905795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26494.905795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 37449.001977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37449.001977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30813.966045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30813.966045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30813.966045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30813.966045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1030263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.412257                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    889398318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889398318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    839809073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839809073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1729207391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729207391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1729207391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729207391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    693154089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    693154089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1689336031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1689336031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2382490120                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2382490120                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.805968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953470                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 24356.400427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24356.400427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 35330.629912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35330.629912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 28683.398982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28683.398982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 28683.398982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28683.398982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99021                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54970                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.391803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      393.391803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.768343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337590                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    959708337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    959708337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    888157516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    888157516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1847865853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1847865853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1847865853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1847865853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.805190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.858129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.858129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 26367.786823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26367.786823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 37195.641008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37195.641008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30657.251813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30657.251813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30657.251813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30657.251813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1032981                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63001                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.396264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    882022203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    882022203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    837608778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837608778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1719630981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1719630981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1719630981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1719630981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    701721013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    701721013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1702236593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1702236593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2403957606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2403957606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.805190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 24233.376460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24233.376460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 35078.682385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35078.682385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28529.754973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28529.754973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28529.754973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28529.754973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99302                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55134                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.483256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      393.483256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.768522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    962640133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962640133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    889456301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    889456301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1852096434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1852096434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1852096434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1852096434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.806428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 26441.072678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26441.072678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 37193.957556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37193.957556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30704.007460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30704.007460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30704.007460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30704.007460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1036597                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.440612                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    884868259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884868259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    838892397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    838892397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1723760656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723760656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1723760656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723760656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    703520432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    703520432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1658146550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1658146550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2361666982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2361666982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.806428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 24304.893537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24304.893537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 35079.551602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35079.551602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 28576.460205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28576.460205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 28576.460205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28576.460205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99936                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55294                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.741985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               23024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      394.741985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.770980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23955                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    954691213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    954691213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    898328721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    898328721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1853019934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1853019934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1853019934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1853019934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.805019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.858566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.858566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 26198.990477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26198.990477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 37500.677145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37500.677145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 30681.677854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30681.677854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 30681.677854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30681.677854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1031399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.372192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    876841351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876841351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    847650833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    847650833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1724492184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724492184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1724492184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724492184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    699333550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    699333550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1696976001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1696976001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2396309551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2396309551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.805019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.955220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 24062.605681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24062.605681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 35385.131831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35385.131831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28553.558805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28553.558805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28553.558805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28553.558805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100001                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55113                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.612008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               23004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      393.612008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.768773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338625                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    967768080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    967768080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    885331630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    885331630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1853099710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1853099710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1853099710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1853099710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 26312.345840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26312.345840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 37286.541021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37286.541021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30617.601447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30617.601447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30617.601447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30617.601447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1031115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.357817                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    889223312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889223312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    835020954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    835020954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1724244266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724244266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1724244266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724244266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    698387416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    698387416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1741021536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1741021536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2439408952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2439408952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 24176.816531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24176.816531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 35167.661472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35167.661472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28488.603959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28488.603959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28488.603959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28488.603959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99455                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55321                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.282274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      392.282274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.766176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337172                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    969238606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    969238606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    880763834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    880763834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1850002440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1850002440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1850002440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1850002440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.811358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.811358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.861838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.861838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 26458.795752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26458.795752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 37034.893365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37034.893365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30622.081637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30622.081637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30622.081637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30622.081637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1029627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.404477                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    891054702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891054702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    830452960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    830452960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1721507662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1721507662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1721507662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1721507662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    698299057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    698299057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1725454906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1725454906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2423753963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2423753963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.811358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.861838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.861838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 24324.489572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24324.489572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 34919.391136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34919.391136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28495.177641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28495.177641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28495.177641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28495.177641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
