
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 47.349475                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                47349475204500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               47349475204500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170024                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   200007                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             9521770968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4972.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   845490438                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     994586036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        457024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       242432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       409152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         13269720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     28432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       254656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       419648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         10291040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     23441792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             77217976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3825664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       566400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         4392064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     33722560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      6830592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.inst      56250828                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.inst      43534148                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total         140338128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           7141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            207361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            160812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1206567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          526915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide        106728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.inst           881196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.inst           680222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              2195061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             9652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          5120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          8641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              280251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       600482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          5378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          8863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              217342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       495080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1630810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          80796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          11962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              92758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            712206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          144259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.inst            1187993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.inst             919422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2963879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            712206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          153911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         5120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         8641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            1468243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       600482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         5378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         8863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1136764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       495080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4594689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1206567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      2195061                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1206567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    2195061                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 76928704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    291584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 135133184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  77217976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              140338128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     4556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   83588                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          93227                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               68916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               78372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               66961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               74483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               67860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               84994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               78873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               74831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               70689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              121049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              55712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              71204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              68805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              80552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              71313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              67397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              131295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              120115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              136218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              122111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              136290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              134780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              183921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              113990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              112648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              120303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             105255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             150368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             133266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             132701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             112511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             165684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          10                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    47349473266500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      37                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       5                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1206525                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                2192458                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    701586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    159041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     78388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     62534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                     48409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                     42357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                     36825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     30566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      6356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     3319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    77454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    97715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    98472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                   108608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   137758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   125184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   127483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   141417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   129468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   120366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   126014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   120082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   115005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   123737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                   112481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                   110136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                   106316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                   102758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     5440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     4456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     3538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     2946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     2503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     2161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       691339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      306.739519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     163.472793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     357.323128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         329714     47.69%     47.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       128094     18.53%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        46159      6.68%     72.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24419      3.53%     76.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20272      2.93%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13585      1.97%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10457      1.51%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11430      1.65%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       107209     15.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         691339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         99075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        12.132152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      222.564559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          99072    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           99075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         99075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        21.311693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       20.731664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        6.258880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           33791     34.11%     34.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           48957     49.41%     83.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           10331     10.43%     93.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            2038      2.06%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            1546      1.56%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             746      0.75%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             511      0.52%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             316      0.32%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             116      0.12%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              38      0.04%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              31      0.03%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              20      0.02%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             438      0.44%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71              35      0.04%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              39      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              38      0.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              24      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               3      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               2      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              10      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             7      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             4      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            17      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           99075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    32464480274                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               55002186524                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   6010055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       27008.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  45758.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     944165                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1677959                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     13919650.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45391806829500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1581102900000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      376561525500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                2682083880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                2544438960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                1463438625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1388334750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               4643184000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               4732392600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              6990105600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              6692129280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3092637272400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3092637272400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1220178523320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1215644323230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          27339350706750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          27343328075250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            31667945314575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            31666966966470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.813072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.792410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total          1324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           15                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           12                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           27                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1114990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1114990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              37937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             37937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            526915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1665543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1665543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           343558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         290459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           93233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            145423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       122918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6789962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6936516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       229526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       229526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7166042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port         1324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        47168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    210268488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    210473028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      7287616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7287616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               217760644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           556693                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3996553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 3996553    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3996553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           106711482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               35984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20060995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         21791270978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        13392760110                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          187374753                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   893379                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64139.353797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    6866398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   953433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     7.201762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   10411.534254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   170.665758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   236.653363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5522.014615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 25703.497535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   145.004713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   188.005532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     6322.307070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 15439.670958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.158867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.003611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.084259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.392204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.002213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.002869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.096471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.235591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.978689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        36012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        23782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         1957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        33290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.549500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003967                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.362885                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 80317062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                80317062                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         7070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             557041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2033838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         7318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             521752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1881001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                5017066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1844732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1844732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst           30097                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst           27244                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               57341                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst          7329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst          7124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             14453                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.inst            51408                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.inst            52005                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               103413                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          7070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              608449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2033838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          7318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          4580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              573757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1881001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 5120479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         7070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             608449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2033838                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         7318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             573757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1881001                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                5120479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            87512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            97026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total              1016189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst         36620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst         34601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             71221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst         9478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst         8512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.inst          69660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.inst          65667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             135327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            157172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst            162693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1151516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           157172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst           162693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1151516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    295641239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    507564744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6935191428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  45326284922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    312400496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    512318742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7688372365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  38103566034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    99681339970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177719564                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    161535756                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    339255320                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49426933                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     49799411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     99226344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5124274653                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4787449538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9911724191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    295641239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    507564744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12059466081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  45326284922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    312400496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    512318742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  12475821903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  38103566034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total    109593064161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    295641239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    507564744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12059466081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  45326284922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    312400496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    512318742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  12475821903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  38103566034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total   109593064161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         644553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2478304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        11137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         618778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2247469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            6033255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1844732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1844732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        66717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        61845                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          128562                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        16807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        15636                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         32443                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       121068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       117672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           238740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          765621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2478304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        11137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          736450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2247469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             6271995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        10858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         765621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      2478304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker        11137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         736450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2247469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            6271995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.135772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.156803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.163058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.168431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.559479                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.553982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563932                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.544385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.554511                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.575379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.558051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.566838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.205287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.220915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.163058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.183596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.205287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.220915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.163058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.183596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 78046.789599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79393.828250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79248.462245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 101979.195084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78512.313647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78133.100808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 79240.331097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 103975.152084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98093.307416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  4853.073839                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  4668.528540                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4763.416970                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  5214.911690                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  5850.494713                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5515.638911                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73561.220973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72904.952838                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73242.768930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 78046.789599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79393.828250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76727.827355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 101979.195084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78512.313647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78133.100808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76683.212572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 103975.152084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95172.854012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 78046.789599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 79393.828250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76727.827355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 101979.195084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 78512.313647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 78133.100808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76683.212572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 103975.152084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95172.854012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              9985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                      293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34.078498                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              526915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   526915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        87471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        96995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1015719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        36620                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        34601                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        71221                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         8512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        69660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        65667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        135327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       157131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total          1151046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         6393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       157131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       444258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         6557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       162662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       366278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total         1151046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    248599239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    428022244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5837610680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  39831799422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    262923496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    430600242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6471220731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  33572512037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  87083288091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17889181875                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  13903512484                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31792694359                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    372768590                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    351692080                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    724460670                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     96695300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     86940850                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183636150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4247852269                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3960733380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8208585649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    248599239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    428022244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10085462949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  39831799422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    262923496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    430600242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10431954111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  33572512037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  95291873740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    248599239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    428022244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10085462949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  39831799422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    262923496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    430600242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10431954111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  33572512037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  95291873740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4946669501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3170681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8117350501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   2118382500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3125324001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5243706501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   7065052001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   6296005001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13361057002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.135708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.156753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.162974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548886                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.559479                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553982                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563932                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.544385                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554511                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.575379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.558051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.205233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.220873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.162974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.183522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.348867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.588728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.205233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.179259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.352217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.588758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.220873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.162974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65628.098997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 66951.704051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66737.669399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 89659.160717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66077.782357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65670.312948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66717.054807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 91658.554532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85735.610037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 10179.371655                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 10164.217219                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10172.009239                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 10202.078498                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 10213.915648                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10207.679266                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60979.791401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60315.430582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60657.412408                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65628.098997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 66951.704051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64185.061821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 89659.160717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66077.782357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65670.312948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64132.705309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 91658.554532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82787.198548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65628.098997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 66951.704051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64185.061821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 89659.160717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66077.782357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65670.312948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64132.705309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 91658.554532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82787.198548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             163                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              163                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           13                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1667                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6830592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1670                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6929805                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6922247                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             37937                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            37937                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1844732                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1665553                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1558815                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          396880                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        304912                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         701792                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           286652                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          286652                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     10302950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      9169444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              19472394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    332778181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    290120831                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              622899012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                         1503135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         11338555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.010201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.100485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               11222888     98.98%     98.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 115667      1.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           11338555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        19325316227                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          6157500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       17505808152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16090621161                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40386                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40386                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             136730                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          187                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       122918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       231234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       231234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7338952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7338952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7497086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           982100345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            92919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           179226247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              130284886                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         91971902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          5996877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            97983342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               71203631                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            72.669119                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               15456951                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect           1030979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    84560824                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    213472                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   73762718                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    44801                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              38216                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1002                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   35801                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1794                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  7921                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                    10648                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                84774296                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               73807519                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        158323542                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         258273                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    158581815                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   233888906                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     61464                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              38216                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1002                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   25786                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                   208811                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               233950370                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        233888906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          61464                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    233950370                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       883850249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  434327088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    509859279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.discardedOps                     43671037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu0.numFetchSuspends                     5040                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                 93815840018                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.034988                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.491403                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    5406                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.tickCycles                      675499590                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      208350659                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          9024677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.937426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          224649292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          9025189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.891367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      16724996500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.937426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        476374153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       476374153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    224649292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      224649292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    224649292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       224649292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    224649292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      224649292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9025190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       9025190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      9025190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  76329373412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76329373412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  76329373412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  76329373412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  76329373412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  76329373412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    233674482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233674482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    233674482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    233674482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    233674482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    233674482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8457.370251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8457.370251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8457.370251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8457.370251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8457.370251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8457.370251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9025190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9025190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      9025190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9025190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  62781832574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62781832574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  62781832574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62781832574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  62781832574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62781832574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4713380500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4713380500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   4713380500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4713380500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6956.289294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6956.289294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6956.289294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6956.289294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  6956.289294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6956.289294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      16744363                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     13538941                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        16377                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        16377                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2993146                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      4286145                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1665553                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       878594                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       389729                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       340122                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       446153                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           67                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1234377                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1099479                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     18154960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     15139641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       334891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1016427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         34645919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    580958656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side    555417413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      1211560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      3676024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total        1141263653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                    9180766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     27586114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.321691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.467125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          18711910     67.83%     67.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6           8874204     32.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      27586114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   13279117937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    196246989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy  13633302169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   7744080967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    184135419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    557460915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     80006652                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      1538976                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     75387543                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher        49644                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         2517                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      3027964                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      6795468                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements         3295318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16239.521092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs          15183735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         3311433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            4.585246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     14515776000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5108.942549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    64.019654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker    70.169979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  2735.324727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  8261.064181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.311825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.003907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.166951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.504215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        10731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         2564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         4307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         3014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.654968                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.323547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       302494843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      302494843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       445653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       140462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11717958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total      12304073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2993146                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2993146                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst        70651                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total        70651                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.inst        35155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        35155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.inst       863705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       863705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       445653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       140462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     12581663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total       13167778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       445653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       140462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     12581663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total      13167778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       913042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       937875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst       117562                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       117562                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.inst       153389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       153389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.inst       228005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       228005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1141047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1165880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1141047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1165880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    571410377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    698481694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26359609041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27629501112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2365914343                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2365914343                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3101977603                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   3101977603                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2176500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      2176500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9967705721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9967705721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    571410377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    698481694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  36327314762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37597206833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    571410377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    698481694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  36327314762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37597206833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       459503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       151445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     12631000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13241948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2993146                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2993146                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       188213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       188213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       188544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       188544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1091710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1091710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       459503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       151445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     13722710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     14333658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       459503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       151445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     13722710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     14333658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.072286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.624622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.624622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.813545                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.813545                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.208851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.208851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.083150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 41257.066931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 63596.621506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28870.094739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29459.683979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20124.822162                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20124.822162                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 20222.946906                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20222.946906                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       725500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total       725500                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43717.048841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43717.048841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 41257.066931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 63596.621506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 31836.825969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32247.921598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 41257.066931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 63596.621506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 31836.825969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32247.921598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            1060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.067925                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1001402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total         1001402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        72428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        72428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         6233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         6233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        78661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total        78661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        78661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total        78661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       840614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3027916                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      3027916                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       117562                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       117562                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       153389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       153389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       221772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       221772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1062386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1087219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker        13850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker        10983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1062386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3027916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4115135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    473721015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620302796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19074448661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20168472472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  79252881469                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79252881469                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  33127814392                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33127814392                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2005449750                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2005449750                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2118741906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2118741906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1770500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1770500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7853083593                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7853083593                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    473721015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620302796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26927532254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28021556065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    473721015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620302796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26927532254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  79252881469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 107274437534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   6580252048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6580252048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   2399021553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2399021553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   8979273601                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8979273601                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.066552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.624622                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624622                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.813545                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813545                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.203142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.077418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.030141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.072521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.077418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34203.683394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 56478.448147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22691.090870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23304.110445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 26174.068722                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26174.068722                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17058.656283                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17058.656283                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13812.867324                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13812.867324                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 590166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 590166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35410.618081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35410.618081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34203.683394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 56478.448147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25346.279275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25773.607769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 34203.683394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 56478.448147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25346.279275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 26174.068722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26068.266906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5337320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.198574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          150291577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5337832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.155921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       4951320000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   473.198574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.924216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        319289852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       319289852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     77767484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       77767484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.inst     68524145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      68524145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.inst       878594                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       878594                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1744720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1744720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1671495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1671495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    146291629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       146291629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    146291629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      146291629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      3855307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3855307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.inst      2180509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2180509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.inst       116717                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       116717                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.inst       188600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       188600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      6035816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       6035816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      6035816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      6035816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  52949262121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52949262121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  36682258766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  36682258766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1582680255                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1582680255                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3978646923                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3978646923                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2553000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2553000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  89631520887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89631520887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  89631520887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89631520887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     81622791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     81622791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     70704654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70704654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       878594                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       878594                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1861437                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1861437                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1860095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1860095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    152327445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    152327445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    152327445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    152327445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.030840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.062703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.062703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.101393                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.101393                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.039624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.039624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13734.123410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13734.123410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16822.796313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16822.796313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13559.980594                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13559.980594                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21095.688881                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21095.688881                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14849.942557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14849.942557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14849.942557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14849.942557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                 878594                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2993146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2993146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       365860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       365860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       900170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       900170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst      1266030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1266030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst      1266030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1266030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      3489447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3489447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1279618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1279618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       116652                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       116652                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       188547                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       188547                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      4769065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4769065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      4769065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4769065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  40912958493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40912958493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19695838269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19695838269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  39725259601                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39725259601                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1347811737                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347811737                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3591126546                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3591126546                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2234500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2234500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  60608796762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60608796762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  60608796762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60608796762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   2590105703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2590105703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   2521930197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2521930197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst   5112035900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5112035900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.042751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.062668                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062668                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.101364                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101364                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11724.768564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11724.768564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15391.967188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15391.967188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11554.124550                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11554.124550                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19046.320260                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19046.320260                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12708.737826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12708.737826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12708.737826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12708.737826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups              124419206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         87805046                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect          6051921                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            92935126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               66733716                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.806774                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               14888837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect           1052333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    80858392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    227532                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   71539111                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    46368                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              38216                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   1002                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   35324                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1220                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  8196                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                    10514                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                81085924                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               71585479                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        152397503                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         273900                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    152671403                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   221287255                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     68040                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          14                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              38216                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   1002                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   25097                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                   202601                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               221355295                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        221287255                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          68040                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    221355295                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       841372178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  411163350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    484726757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.discardedOps                     42974941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu1.numFetchSuspends                     4643                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 93858235376                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.cpi                              2.046321                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.488682                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   13250                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.tickCycles                      646022417                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      195349761                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          9199343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          507.111645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          211878543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          9199855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.030639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     8364993861000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   507.111645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.990452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        451356678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       451356678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    211878543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      211878543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    211878543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       211878543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    211878543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      211878543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9199864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       9199864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      9199864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  77780449816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77780449816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  77780449816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  77780449816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  77780449816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  77780449816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    221078407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221078407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    221078407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    221078407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    221078407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    221078407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8454.521699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8454.521699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8454.521699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8454.521699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8454.521699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8454.521699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9199864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9199864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      9199864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9199864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  63970402202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63970402202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  63970402202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63970402202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  63970402202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63970402202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      8551999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8551999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      8551999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8551999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6953.407377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6953.407377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6953.407377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6953.407377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6953.407377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6953.407377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq      16974832                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp     13523495                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        21560                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        21560                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2756922                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq      3912463                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1665553                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp       680221                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       382477                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       337171                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       432582                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           63                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1151878                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1012928                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     18399906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     13962178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       374507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1077414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total         33814005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    588796992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side    509690879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1369000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      3931224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total        1103788095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                    9217690                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     27159033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.328913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.469818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5          18226076     67.11%     67.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6           8932957     32.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total      27159033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   12584209028                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    175099992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy  13805070808                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   7247611234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy    204139691                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy    586587181                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     79358164                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr      1355061                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     75203006                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher        49096                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         3073                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued      2747928                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page      6733876                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements         3063828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       13784.638052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs          15005563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs         3079680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            4.872442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    9994842368500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2928.842366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    67.432287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker    61.914602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  2764.974382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  7961.474415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.178762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.004116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.003779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.168761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.485930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         9851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         4639                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         3547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.601257                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006226                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.360046                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses       294450591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses      294450591                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       477253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       159835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11727223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total      12364311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2756922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2756922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst        68490                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total        68490                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.inst        32200                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total        32200                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.inst       776956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       776956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       477253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       159835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12504179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total       13141267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       477253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       159835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12504179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total      13141267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       893170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       918610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst       118620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       118620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.inst       151637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       151637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu1.inst            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.inst       230937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       230937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      1124107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total      1149547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      1124107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1149547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    593312131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    709102173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  26528840524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27831254828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2374329628                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2374329628                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3078262421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   3078262421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2493000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total      2493000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   9672285471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9672285471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    593312131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    709102173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  36201125995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37503540299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    593312131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    709102173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  36201125995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37503540299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       491403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       171125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     12620393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13282921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2756922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2756922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       187110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       187110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       183837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       183837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1007893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1007893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       491403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       171125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13628286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total     14290814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       491403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       171125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13628286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total     14290814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.070772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.633959                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.633959                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.824845                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.824845                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.229128                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.229128                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41930.185936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 62807.986980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 29701.893843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30297.138969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20016.267307                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20016.267307                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20300.206552                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20300.206552                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       498600                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total       498600                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41882.788254                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41882.788254                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41930.185936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 62807.986980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 32204.341753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32624.625439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 41930.185936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 62807.986980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 32204.341753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32624.625439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            1018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.393910                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       843330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total          843330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        70371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         5416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         5416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        75787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total        75787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        75787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total        75787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       822799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       848239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2747875                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total      2747875                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       118620                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       118620                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       151637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       151637                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       225521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       225521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1048320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1073760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker        14150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker        11290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1048320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      2747875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3821635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    493428269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    628615807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  19412995328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20535039404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  69814591572                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69814591572                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25734891864                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25734891864                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1991641357                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991641357                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2078386327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078386327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2045000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2045000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7579512625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7579512625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    493428269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    628615807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  26992507953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28114552029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    493428269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    628615807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  26992507953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  69814591572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97929143601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3580047284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3580047284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3492978036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3492978036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   7073025320                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7073025320                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.065196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.633959                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633959                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.824845                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824845                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.223755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.065975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34871.255760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 55678.990877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23593.848957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24209.025291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 25406.756702                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25406.756702                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 16790.097429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16790.097429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13706.327130                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13706.327130                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       409000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       409000                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 33608.899504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33608.899504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34871.255760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 55678.990877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25748.347788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26183.273757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 34871.255760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 55678.990877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25748.347788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 25406.756702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25624.933726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          4834403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.748614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          144950857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4834915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.980022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     8365240216000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   460.748614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.899900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        306842506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       306842506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     74397461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       74397461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.inst     66754653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      66754653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.inst       680221                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       680221                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1623333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1623333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1553141                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1553141                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    141152114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       141152114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    141152114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      141152114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      3628151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3628151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.inst      2024929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2024929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.inst       114968                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       114968                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.inst       183901                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       183901                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      5653080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       5653080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      5653080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      5653080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  51111445827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51111445827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  34750982270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34750982270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1576484749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1576484749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3893749340                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3893749340                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2823500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2823500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  85862428097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85862428097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  85862428097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85862428097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     78025612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     78025612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     68779582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     68779582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       680221                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       680221                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1738301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1738301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1737042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1737042                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    146805194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    146805194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    146805194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    146805194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.066138                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066138                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.105870                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105870                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14087.463787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14087.463787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 17161.580613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17161.580613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13712.378653                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13712.378653                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21173.073230                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21173.073230                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15188.610120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15188.610120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15188.610120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15188.610120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                 680221                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2756922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2756922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       322268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       322268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       829273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       829273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst      1151541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1151541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst      1151541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1151541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      3305883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3305883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1194736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1194736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       114890                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       114890                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       183842                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       183842                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      4500619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4500619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      4500619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4500619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  39848912237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39848912237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  18776610903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18776610903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  30844406102                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30844406102                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1344930230                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1344930230                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3516398127                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516398127                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2557000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  58625523140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58625523140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  58625523140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58625523140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3752867967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3752867967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   3654726713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3654726713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst   7407594680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7407594680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.042369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.066093                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066093                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.105836                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105836                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12053.939065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12053.939065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15716.117120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.117120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11706.242754                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11706.242754                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19127.283901                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19127.283901                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13026.102218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13026.102218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13026.102218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13026.102218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115612                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               11.299913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         9121131291000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     7.419527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     3.880386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.463720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.242524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.706245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1042406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1042406                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       106728                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide          187                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          187                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8929                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1965059357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1970760357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1965059357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1971117357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      6058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1965059357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1971117357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106915                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106915                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.001749                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 154081.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 221066.414332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220788.747143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       119000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       119000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151450                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 221066.414332                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220754.547766                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       151450                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 221066.414332                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220754.547766                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         54362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.902004                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                     106728                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1502702365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506479365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   6627847227                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6627847227                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1502702365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506680365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1502702365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506680365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 102081.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 169051.902914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168774.295877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        67000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 169051.902914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168740.101355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        99450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 169051.902914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168740.101355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
