
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.904683                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2904682547500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2904682547500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 744036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   897074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            19213049576                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 562336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   151.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112485415                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     135622211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           557732                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4265248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           631552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4773892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10229960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       557732                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       631552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1189284                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5300352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7636212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             17168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             67163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              9868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             74593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                168816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               123423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              192011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1468404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              217425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1643516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3521886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         192011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         217425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             409437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1824761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          798137                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2628932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1824761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             192011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1474434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             217425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1643519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          798468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6150817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        168816                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       123423                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      168816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     123423                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10794880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      9344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7651200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10229960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7636212                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      146                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3868                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4511                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                9768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                9653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                9938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               9986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               9803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               9791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                8007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2904682181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    9558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 119042                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    167845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        58500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      315.315419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     184.678002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     335.865134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          21233     36.30%     36.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14762     25.23%     61.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5741      9.81%     71.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3177      5.43%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2294      3.92%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1562      2.67%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1019      1.74%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1097      1.88%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7615     13.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          58500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        28.752472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      562.127013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           5865     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.380157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.599784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.515949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                16      0.27%      0.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                10      0.17%      0.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11               13      0.22%      0.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              18      0.31%      0.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4930     84.04%     85.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              59      1.01%     86.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              57      0.97%     86.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             249      4.24%     91.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             210      3.58%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              20      0.34%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              11      0.19%     95.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               8      0.14%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              30      0.51%     95.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               5      0.09%     96.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               4      0.07%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               3      0.05%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             157      2.68%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               5      0.09%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.07%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               3      0.05%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              19      0.32%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.02%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               6      0.10%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             2      0.03%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             6      0.10%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             6      0.10%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.05%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             7      0.12%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1486855250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4649417750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    843350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8815.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27565.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     139006                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     90713                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      9939406.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2756105768250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       96993520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       51577106750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 224736120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 217523880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 122623875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 118688625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                697031400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                618579000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               388618560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               386065440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          189719325120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          189719325120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           86946648885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           86006740545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1666536838500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1667361319500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1944635822460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1944428242110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.484503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.413038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    12289553                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      5977                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    9834643                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1047                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        2938                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     467                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    4657                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   865                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      233                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                12295530                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                9835690                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         22124196                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           7024                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     22131220                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    58032770                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3465                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        2938                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     467                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2699                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                58036235                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         58032770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3465                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     58036235                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2905319694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   56513131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68067849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             60172046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6287                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    4924583                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      7649378                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    60172046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         6287                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          109432768                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          41532346                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                4990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           245794871                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           26123486                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     22763364                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   12450622                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  10312742                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2685746001.120693                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              219573692.879307                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.075576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.924424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         12983457                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2204      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 46789630     67.21%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58620      0.08%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4273      0.01%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                12450622     17.88%     85.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               10312742     14.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  69618091                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3031                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           822992                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.850755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           43241503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           823504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.509160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        876905250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   320.068917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   191.781838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.625135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.374574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        177151535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       177151535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     11581583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     11533865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23115448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      9437909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      9389790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18827699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       199753                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       192262                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       392015                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       227025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       216269                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       443294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       235239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       225055                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       460294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     21019492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     20923655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        41943147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     21219245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     21115917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       42335162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       197297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       205526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       402823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       150193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       148466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       298659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        58530                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        60464                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       118994                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        11127                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11645                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22772                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       347490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       353992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        701482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       406020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       414456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       820476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2868020500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3066163250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5934183750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5744459123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6031837843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11776296966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135157750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    145057500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    280215250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        52002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8612479623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9098001093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17710480716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8612479623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9098001093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17710480716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11778880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     11739391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23518271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9588102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9538256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19126358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       258283                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       252726                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       511009                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       227914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       466066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235241                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       225055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       460296                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     21366982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     21277647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42644629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     21625265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     21530373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43155638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015665                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226612                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.239247                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232861                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046722                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051094                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14536.564165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14918.614920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14731.491871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38247.182778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40627.738627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39430.577903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12146.827537                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12456.633748                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12305.254260                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26001                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26001                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24784.827255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25701.148876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25247.234734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21211.959073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21951.669400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21585.617027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       686960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           686960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         7032                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         7182                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        14214                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       205198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       150193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       148466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       298659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        57639                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59222                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       116861                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4095                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4463                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8558                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       347203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       353664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       700867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       404842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       412886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       817728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2467868750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2647702500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115571250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5416592829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5704580119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11121172948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    696038250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    742244000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1438282250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48274750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     52699750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100974500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        47998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        47998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7884461579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8352282619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16236744198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8580499829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9094526619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17675026448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2688395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3103027500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5791422500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2165315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2264487500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4429802500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4853710000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5367515000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10221225000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015665                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015615                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.223162                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.234333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228687                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017195                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019582                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018362                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12526.616669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12903.159388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12718.720786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36064.216235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38423.478231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37237.026000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12075.821059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12533.247780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12307.632572                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11788.705739                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11808.144746                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11798.843188                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        23999                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23999                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22708.506490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23616.434296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23166.655297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21194.687876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22026.725583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21614.799112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1698167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.774848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          113885267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1698679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.043430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      25359588250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   419.089773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    91.685075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.818535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.179072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        117282637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       117282637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     57188138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     56697129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      113885267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     57188138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     56697129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       113885267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     57188138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     56697129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      113885267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1698685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1698685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1698685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11522232749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11755811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23278043749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11522232749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11755811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  23278043749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11522232749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11755811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  23278043749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     58032770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     57551182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    115583952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     58032770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     57551182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    115583952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     58032770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     57551182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    115583952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13641.719410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13764.732400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13703.567023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13641.719410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13764.732400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13703.567023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13641.719410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13764.732400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13703.567023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1698685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1698685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       844632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       854053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1698685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9830027251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10044094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19874121251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9830027251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10044094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19874121251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9830027251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10044094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19874121251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597905000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.236831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11760.504325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11699.709629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.236831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11760.504325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11699.709629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.236831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11760.504325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11699.709629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    12236392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      5657                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    9775692                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      790                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        2934                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     450                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    4044                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   918                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      212                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12242049                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                9776482                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         22012084                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           6447                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     22018531                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    57551182                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3277                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        2934                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     450                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2396                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                57554459                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         57551182                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3277                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     57554459                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2904045401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   55972284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67554362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             59752131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5003                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4972365                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7584533                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    59752131                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5003                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          108688988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          41135378                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3588                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1418                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           244071190                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           25783552                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     22653716                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   12397911                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  10255805                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2693922745.089012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              210122655.910988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.072355                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.927645                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         12941389                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  133      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 46411475     67.14%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56055      0.08%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4164      0.01%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                12397911     17.94%     85.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               10255805     14.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69125543                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30195                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326584349                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36804759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36424                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.083103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         309429741000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     1.083103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.067694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.067694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328122                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              234                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     28034377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119805.029915                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2203719731                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2203719731                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67800.756410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    89435                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64928.071220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2766032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   154676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    17.882748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50556.019197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.943993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3889.866505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2064.899938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     4.768384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     5760.330465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2651.242275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.771424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.059355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.031508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.087896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.040455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.990724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        56246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000076                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 26292076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                26292076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         6208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             836467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             253621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             844177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             261864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2213842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          686960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               686960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            86549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            78519                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               165068                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          6208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              836467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              340170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          2799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              844177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              340383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2378910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         6208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             836467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             340170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         2799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             844177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             340383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2378910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             8151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             9868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             7019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                30170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2728                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          62336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          68504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              8151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             67459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              9868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             75523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                161010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             8151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            67459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             9868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            75523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               161010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    591607750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    390910500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    717676500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    528864500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2229775250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       232490                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       231490                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       463980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        45998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        45998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4342118150                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4712358069                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9054476219                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    591607750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4733028650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    717676500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5241222569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11284251469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    591607750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4733028650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    717676500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5241222569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11284251469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         844618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         258744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         854045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         268883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2244012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       686960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           686960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2751                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       147023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          844618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          407629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          854045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          415906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2539920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         6209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         844618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         407629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         2799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         854045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         415906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2539920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.019799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.026104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991590                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991684                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.465941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.442164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.009651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.165491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.181587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.009651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.165491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.181587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72581.002331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76304.997072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72727.655047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75347.556632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73907.035134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   179.252120                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   161.767994                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   170.080645                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22999                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22999                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69656.669501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68789.531546                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69202.661411                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72581.002331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70161.559614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72727.655047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69399.025052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70084.165387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72581.002331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70161.559614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 80928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72727.655047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69399.025052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70084.165387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               82818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    82818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2728                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        62336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        130840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           161010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         8151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          161010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    488588750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    327005500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    592914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    441224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850336250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12974797                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14335431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27310228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3544228350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3834786931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7379015281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    488588750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3871233850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    592914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4276010931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9229351531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    488588750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3871233850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    592914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4276010931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9229351531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    474215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2495734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2890261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5860210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1979887500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2118425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4098313000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    474215000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4475622000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5008686500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9958523500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991590                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991684                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991639                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.465941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.165491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.165491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59942.185008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63830.860824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60084.515606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62861.376264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61330.336427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10003.698535                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10017.771488                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10011.080645                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56856.845964                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55979.022115                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56397.243053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59942.185008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57386.469559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60084.515606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56618.658303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57321.604441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59942.185008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57386.469559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60084.515606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56618.658303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57321.604441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             82818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            129059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           129059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       438204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       545868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 618565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15546876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     15710301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18029597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              219                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            283019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  283019    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              283019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            87171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1336695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1640329489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38340241                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2301469                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2301454                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           686960                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36226                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2751                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2753                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           295908                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          295908                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3415392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2457281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        18122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        34351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5925146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    108750520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     96868901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        24732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        46156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              205690309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           53730                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3283144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.011105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.104794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3246684     98.89%     98.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36460      1.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3283144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4418882248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           985500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        7658490749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3782924511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          11939000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          22834207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
