
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 51.316753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                51316753294500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51316753294500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136598                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7792719388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 670460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6585.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   899526584                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1057057755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide        436032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       324288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker       511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          3575488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         35714136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker       305664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker       479488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          3431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         34340592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             79118280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3575488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      3431104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         7006592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     46041344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      6826496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      50417380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      49769472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total         153054692                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide           6813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker         5067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         7992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             55867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            558041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         4776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         7492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst             53611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data            536577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1236236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          719396                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide        106664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           790023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           777648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              2393731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide             8497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          6319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker          9967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               69675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              695955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          5956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          9344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               66861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              669189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1541763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          69675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          66861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             136536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            897199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          133027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             982474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             969848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2982548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            897199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          141524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         6319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker         9967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              69675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1678429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         5956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         9344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              66861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1639037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4524311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1236236                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      2393731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1236236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    2393731                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 78915968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    203136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                 148972800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  79118280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys              153054692                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     3174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                   66016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          38473                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               78969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               76054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               70113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               71416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               73251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               79391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               70957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               70585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               72320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              103108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              75527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              73923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              74067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              84199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              79405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              79777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0              143281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1              127790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2              148899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3              137605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4              197374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5              124383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6              109194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7              129383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8              151210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9              186118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10             208778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11             141342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12             123729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13             141617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14             124170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15             132827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         128                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    51316752176000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      13                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1236221                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                   2572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                2391158                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    748020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    328495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    109863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     42754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    48235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    79967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    90575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                   105567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                   121035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                   143044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                   145669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                   159604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                   163480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                   180978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                   163179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                   154131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                   135532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                   135592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                   103470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    98111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    96185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    91160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     8423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                     6931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                     6049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                     5454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                     5353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                     5092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                     4812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                     4475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                     4359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                     4005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                     3822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                     3600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                     3551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                     3323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                     3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                     3047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                     3111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                     2761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                     2716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                     2698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                     2720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                     2285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                     2049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                     1803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                     1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                     1233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       678102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      336.067624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     184.620268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     366.767956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127         271362     40.02%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       148250     21.86%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55753      8.22%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26626      3.93%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20429      3.01%     77.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13236      1.95%     78.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10909      1.61%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14852      2.19%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       116685     17.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         678102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         81261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        15.173946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      173.903253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          81255     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           81261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         81261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        28.644737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       24.485973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       20.407420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-7                56      0.07%      0.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-15              139      0.17%      0.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23           47231     58.12%     58.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31            7834      9.64%     68.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39           13023     16.03%     84.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47            3682      4.53%     88.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55            2148      2.64%     91.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63             950      1.17%     92.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71            2747      3.38%     95.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79            1058      1.30%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87             767      0.94%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95             240      0.30%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            341      0.42%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           185      0.23%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119           486      0.60%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             8      0.01%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            31      0.04%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            23      0.03%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            18      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            31      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            73      0.09%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            62      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            51      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             8      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            17      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215            17      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             5      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             9      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-255             7      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           81261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    27538646010                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               50658558510                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   6165310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22333.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  41083.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     964323                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                   1918333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  82.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14136974.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49243370940756                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF      1713579140000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT      359802419244                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                2507478120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                2618973000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                1368167625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                1429003125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0               4607662800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1               5010142800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0              7244050320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1              7839445680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          3351760797840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          3351760797840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0          1283842483380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1          1294175764575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          29663873874750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          29654809593000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            34315204514835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            34317643720020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.694001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.741533                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data           36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total          2212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           15                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           27                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           42                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              532705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             532705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              33859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             33859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            719396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1671762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1671762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            38473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           38479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            739347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           739347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6390536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6520668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       228990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       228990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6749658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port         2212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port    224910444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total    225082704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      7262528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7262528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               232345232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             2042                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3647418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 3647418    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3647418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            99715500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               54328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         23226177977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        13225855665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          186556779                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   929985                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64575.668438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                   30861842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   992077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    31.108313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             13810399676500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   34297.192611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker   188.067974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker   294.738587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4135.506905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    11979.022995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker   180.539676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker   275.280153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3419.385027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     9805.934509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.523334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.063103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.182785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.002755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.004200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.052176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.149627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.985347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        61636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006958                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.940491                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                289012546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses               289012546                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       544051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       184997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst            8073705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data            3475971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       537537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       184939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst            7954467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data            3403637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total               24359304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7101304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              7101304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            6521                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            6161                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12682                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           714827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           684126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total              1398953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        544051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        184997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst             8073705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data             4190798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        537537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker        184939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst             7954467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data             4087763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                25758257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker       544051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker       184997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst            8073705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data            4190798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker       537537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker       184939                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst            7954467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data            4087763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total               25758257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            43375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           182199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst            45500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           173082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               469591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         19389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         18469                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             37858                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         376161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data         363798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             739959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             43375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            558360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             45500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data            536880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total               1209550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         8033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            43375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           558360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            45500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data           536880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total              1209550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    402067961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620871486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3358802499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14928489876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    371387969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    584303733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3543805470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14055803105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    37865532099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    215945240                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    206928138                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    422873378                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        45998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        45998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        91996                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33150632854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  32508892128                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  65659524982                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    402067961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620871486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3358802499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48079122730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    371387969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    584303733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3543805470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  46564695233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total    103525057081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    402067961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    620871486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3358802499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48079122730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    371387969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    584303733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3543805470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  46564695233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total   103525057081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       549137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       193030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        8117080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        3658170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       542329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       192463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        7999967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        3576719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total           24828895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7101304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          7101304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25910                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        24630                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           50540                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1090988                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1047924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2138912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       549137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       193030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         8117080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         4749158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       542329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       192463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         7999967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         4624643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total            26967807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker       549137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker       193030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        8117080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        4749158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker       542329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker       192463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        7999967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        4624643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total           26967807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.005344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.049806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.048391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748321                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.749858                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.749070                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.347161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.345951                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.117570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.116091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.044852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.005344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.117570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.039093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.116091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.044852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79053.865710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 77290.114030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77436.368853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81935.081290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77501.662980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77658.656699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77885.834505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81208.924700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80635.131634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11137.513023                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11204.079160                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11169.987268                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15332.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15332.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15332.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88128.840720                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89359.732951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88734.004157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79053.865710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 77290.114030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77436.368853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86107.748997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77501.662980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77658.656699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77885.834505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86732.035526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85589.729305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79053.865710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 77290.114030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77436.368853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86107.748997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 77501.662980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 77658.656699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77885.834505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86732.035526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85589.729305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              719396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   719396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         7992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        45500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       173070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          469460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18469                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        37858                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       376161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       363798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        739959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         7992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       558350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        45500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       536868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total          1209419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker         5067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker         7992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        43374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       558350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker         4776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker         7492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        45500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       536868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total         1209419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    337731462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    518462986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2814140251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12660420650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    310477469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    489154483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2972644030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11900726415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32003757746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18731109098                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18506673413                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37237782511                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    194429364                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    185281438                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379710802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30003                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        30003                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        60006                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28452194992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  27967189734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56419384726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    337731462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    518462986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2814140251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41112615642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    310477469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    489154483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2972644030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39867916149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  88423142472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker    337731462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker    518462986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2814140251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41112615642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker    310477469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker    489154483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2972644030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39867916149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  88423142472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    654614249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3015317250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    425309250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2261474250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6356714999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3033164500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2138382499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5171546999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    654614249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   6048481750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    425309250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4399856749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11528261998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.038927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748321                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.749858                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.749070                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.347161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.038927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.116089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.041403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.008806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.038927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.116089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66653.140320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64872.745996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64880.809955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69490.587522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65007.845268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65290.240657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65332.835824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68762.503120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68171.426205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10027.818041                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10032.023282                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10029.869565                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75638.343667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76875.600564                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76246.636268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66653.140320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64872.745996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64880.809955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73632.337498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65007.845268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65290.240657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65332.835824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74260.183414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73112.083134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66653.140320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 64872.745996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64880.809955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73632.337498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 65007.845268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 65290.240657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65332.835824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74260.183414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73112.083134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.txBytes                  966                       # Bytes Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txPackets                  3                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
system.realview.ethernet.txIpChecksums              0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.totBandwidth             151                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.totPackets                 3                       # Total Packets
system.realview.ethernet.totBytes                 966                       # Total Bytes
system.realview.ethernet.totPPS                     0                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txBandwidth              151                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
system.realview.ethernet.txPPS                      0                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal             0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts           18                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    122                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      499712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           122                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  1666                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    6826496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         1669                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           25440595                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          25432319                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             33859                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            33859                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7101304                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq      1671768                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp      1565098                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           50543                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            14                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          50557                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2138912                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2138912                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     32275606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     29216023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       915477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      2586660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              64993766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1032811840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side   1154800272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      3083944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side      8731728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             2199427784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          664547                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         36349119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.003178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5               36233600     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                 115519      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           36349119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        52855909091                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          2566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       72684313037                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       43208232692                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         533902381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy        1509803178                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                40375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               40375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             136733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          190                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        29548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        44750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       123190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       230946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total       230946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  354216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        48328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio        17558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        89500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       156320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7334216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      7334216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ethernet.dma::total         2086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7492622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             36706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            21947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            32658000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           981411596                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            93124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy           178989221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups              132719565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         89993236                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          5932836                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            90710148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               64716268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.344022                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS               17452568                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   106360367                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    615971                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   81393112                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                   266071                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1087                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              22107                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    543                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   56260                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      229                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  9041                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                    57266                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               106976338                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               81659183                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        187753479                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         882042                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    188635521                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    95391690                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                    104013                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1087                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              22107                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    543                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   41837                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                   207435                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                95495703                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         95391690                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                         104013                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     95495703                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       684418323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles         248384937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     589536301                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                  132719565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          82168836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    395321090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles               13514905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   2556917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               20977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             5408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5551519                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       175554                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1648                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 95166614                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes              3687085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  41415                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         658775231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.047637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.297009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0               512971129     77.87%     77.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                18432133      2.80%     80.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                18348661      2.79%     83.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                13411814      2.04%     85.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                28741584      4.36%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 9038627      1.37%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 9794305      1.49%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 8428424      1.28%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                39608554      6.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           658775231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.193916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.861368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles               200994103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles            333361407                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                105045785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles             14028144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               5343793                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved            19697248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred              1433030                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             641923192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts              4435962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               5343793                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles               208785389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28964603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles     262496699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                111103202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             42079210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             626316852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                80050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2362679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1879089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              21911490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5199                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          599577423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            966250594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       740756106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           877957                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            502593400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                96984018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts          15462984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13497488                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 79320336                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads           100980804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           85727659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         13927717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        14882282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 593862929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15564372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                595387827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           831090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       76362787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53001437                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        356285                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    658775231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.903780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.628017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          423143545     64.23%     64.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          100533840     15.26%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           43588427      6.62%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           31078402      4.72%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23328962      3.54%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           15913876      2.42%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           10814135      1.64%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            6320463      0.96%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            4053581      0.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      658775231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2985575     25.28%     25.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 23079      0.20%     25.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   3324      0.03%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               2      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               5019003     42.51%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              3776946     31.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            402885613     67.67%     67.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1422777      0.24%     67.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                64552      0.01%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 67      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         58868      0.01%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           108485553     18.22%     86.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           82470396     13.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             595387827                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.869918                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   11807929                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1861125914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        685987174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    571772727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1063990                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            505463                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       456200                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             606627126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 568629                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4761213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16799552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        22497                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       714171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9156054                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      3900719                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9933744                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               5343793                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15674856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles             11567544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          609566615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1794840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            100980804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            85727659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          13194913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                258499                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             11189475                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        714171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2685620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2322794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             5008414                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            588648436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            106351748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          5872018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       139314                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                   187749395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches               108957932                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  81397647                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.860071                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     573457881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    572228927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                281462520                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                488752044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.836081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       82137816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       15208087                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          4518905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    644781794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.817863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.810443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    449449526     69.71%     69.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     97358122     15.10%     84.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33578375      5.21%     90.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     14917712      2.31%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10631887      1.65%     93.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6530680      1.01%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5822825      0.90%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3984235      0.62%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22508432      3.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    644781794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           448706085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             527343007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                     160752856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     84181251                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                    3744837                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                 100346754                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    436641                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                484032213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            13338237                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       365400890     69.29%     69.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1092025      0.21%     69.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47793      0.01%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        49443      0.01%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       84181251     15.96%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      76571605     14.52%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        527343007                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             22508432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                  1227661689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                 1232973286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        4104064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       25643092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                 54070741689                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  448706085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    527343007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.525315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.525315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.655602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.655602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               693970255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes              408353798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   822679                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  492268                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                125884227                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes               126919674                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             2342378074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes              15341166                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         16116656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.960235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          173052626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         16117168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.737161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      11668105000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   286.930366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   225.029869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.560411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.439511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        206428941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       206428941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     86457913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     86594713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      173052626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     86457913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     86594713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       173052626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     86457913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     86594713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      173052626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      8696178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      8562854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17259032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      8696178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      8562854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      17259032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      8696178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      8562854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     17259032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115519417356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113985057745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 229504475101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115519417356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113985057745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 229504475101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115519417356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 113985057745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 229504475101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     95154091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     95157567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    190311658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     95154091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     95157567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    190311658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     95154091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     95157567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    190311658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13283.929717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13311.573191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13297.644683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13283.929717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13311.573191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13297.644683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13283.929717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13311.573191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13297.644683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        66644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             6194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.759445                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       579009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       562740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1141749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       579009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       562740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1141749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst       579009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst       562740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1141749                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8117169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8000114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16117283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8117169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8000114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16117283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      8117169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      8000114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16117283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  94378713924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  93158518069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 187537231993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  94378713924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  93158518069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 187537231993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  94378713924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  93158518069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 187537231993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    916338250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    595537750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1511876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    916338250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst    595537750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1511876000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.085306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11627.048042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11644.648822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11635.784517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11627.048042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11644.648822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11635.784517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11627.048042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11644.648822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11635.784517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         10609337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.983537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          304225194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10609849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.673848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1654841000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   299.046294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   212.937243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.584075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.415893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1343384056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1343384056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     80019383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     80708532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      160727915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     67091357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     67952351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     135043708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       206774                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       197330                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       404104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu0.data       787450                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::cpu1.data       777648                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total      1565098                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data      1810718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data      1758217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      3568935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data      2068647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data      2014712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      4083359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    147110740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    148660883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       295771623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    147317514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    148858213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      296175727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      6473624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6388313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12861937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6626672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      6359050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12985722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       668006                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data       645779                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1313785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data       322811                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       316162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       638973                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data     13100296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data     12747363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      25847659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data     13768302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data     13393142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     27161444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116104812410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 112446419858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 228551232268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 283825834860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 276276891882                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 560102726742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4581170687                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4543459438                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   9124630125                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       155503                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       103503                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       259006                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 399930647270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 388723311740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 788653959010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 399930647270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 388723311740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 788653959010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     86493007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     87096845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173589852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     73718029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     74311401                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    148029430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       874780                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       843109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1717889                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu0.data       787450                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::cpu1.data       777648                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total      1565098                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2133529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2074379                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4207908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2068656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2014717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4083373                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    160211036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    161408246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    321619282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    161085816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    162251355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    323337171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763627                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765950                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.764767                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.152413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151851                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17935.056532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17601.895815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17769.581072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42830.825920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43446.252488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43132.197558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14191.494983                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14370.668955                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14280.149748                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17278.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20700.600000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18500.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30528.367242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30494.409843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30511.620376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29047.201846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29024.056621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29035.789077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     69133267                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        73151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          4037000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets           1206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.124911                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    60.655887                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                1565098                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7101304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          7101304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      3596643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      3569355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7165998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      5504075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      5281537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10785612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195820                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       191080                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total       386900                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9100718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      8850892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17951610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      9100718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      8850892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17951610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2876981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2818958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5695939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1110111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1065853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2175964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       660985                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       639380                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total      1300365                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       126991                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       252073                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3987092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3884811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7871903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4648077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4524191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9172268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44486434450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  43558695911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88045130361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45021160958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  43869767531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88890928489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13293961502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12330781777                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25624743279                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29043542969                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  28669048764                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57712591733                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1626539446                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1632214456                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3258753902                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       137497                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93497                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  89507595408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  87428463442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 176936058850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102801556910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  99759245219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 202560802129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3260677254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2455829253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5716506507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3279198543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2300797457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5579996000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   6539875797                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4756626710                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11296502507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755601                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.758360                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756955                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060299                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059905                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15462.887815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15452.055657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15457.526908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40555.548912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41159.303892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40851.286367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20112.349754                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19285.529383                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19705.808199                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12808.304888                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13049.155402                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12927.818140                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15277.444444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18699.400000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16499.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22449.342881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22505.203842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22476.910456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22117.008154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22050.184269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22084.047493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups              132695624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         90331188                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect          5850625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            91191115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               65101533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.390215                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               17167330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            185817                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   106438912                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    617019                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   81859907                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                   262953                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1095                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21187                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    524                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   54609                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      175                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  8788                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                    55422                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               107055931                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               82122860                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        188298819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         879972                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    189178791                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    95390425                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                    103002                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1095                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              21187                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    524                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   40480                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                   202732                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                95493427                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         95390425                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                         103002                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     95493427                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       672741965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles         246640136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     590780429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                  132695624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          82268863                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                    386429410                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles               13305333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                   2543340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               19984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             4103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5378147                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       163710                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1900                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 95165721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes              3597908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                  39974                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         647833125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.067316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.314702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               501796172     77.46%     77.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                18436133      2.85%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                18485753      2.85%     83.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                13501389      2.08%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                28566375      4.41%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 9032490      1.39%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 9749840      1.50%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 8516033      1.31%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                39748940      6.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           647833125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.197246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.878168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles               200194473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles            322668892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                105843727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles             13827399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               5296426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved            19681907                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred              1375410                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             644487824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts              4238266                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               5296426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles               207887374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               28633275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles     252987067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                111782593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             41244065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             628972841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents               101309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               2336709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents               1765264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents              21471594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4932                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          601986706                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            968135800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       743741537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           921788                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            504541868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                97444838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts          15091316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts      13114684                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 77880403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads           101483347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           86159667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads         13596196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores        14436334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 596800589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           15137564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                597335702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           820098                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       76624490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53348640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        353802                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    647833125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.922052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.644482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          412924221     63.74%     63.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           99304245     15.33%     79.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           43461350      6.71%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           31157407      4.81%     90.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23474401      3.62%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           16043027      2.48%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           10934122      1.69%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            6355751      0.98%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            4178601      0.65%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      647833125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                3005947     25.29%     25.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                 24266      0.20%     25.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                   2049      0.02%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               4      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4972015     41.83%     67.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              3881824     32.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                1      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            404183986     67.66%     67.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             1499549      0.25%     67.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                69544      0.01%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                173      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              9      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             16      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             24      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     67.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         70359      0.01%     67.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     67.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           108574781     18.18%     86.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           82937260     13.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             597335702                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.887912                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   11886105                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        1854102856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        688730877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    574087973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1107876                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            525044                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       478100                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses             608629489                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 592317                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4742542                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16809176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        22821                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       704571                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9065130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      3904838                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9464363                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               5296426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               15503911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles             11248845                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          612073318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          1785807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            101483347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            86159667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          12828539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                251466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             10878256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        704571                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       2684400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2302903                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts             4987303                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            590552056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            106426998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          5916414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       135165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                   188286771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches               109138667                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  81859773                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.877828                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     575751009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    574566073                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                283200911                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                491579029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.854066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       82275122                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       14783762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts          4494113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    633863514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.835692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.830647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    439265925     69.30%     69.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     95913161     15.13%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33589452      5.30%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     15187737      2.40%     92.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10634281      1.68%     93.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      6553980      1.03%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5971917      0.94%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      4055542      0.64%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22691519      3.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    633863514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           450820499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             529714748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                     161768708                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     84674171                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                    3651509                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                 100548022                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    459048                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                486295386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls            13182426                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       366696799     69.23%     69.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        1136926      0.21%     69.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51579      0.01%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            8      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           13      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt           21      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc        60694      0.01%     69.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       84674171     15.98%     85.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      77094537     14.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        529714748                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             22691519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                  1219313535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                 1237971918                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        4075861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                       24908840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                 47205322910                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  450820499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    529714748                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.492261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.492261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.670124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.670124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               696110289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes              410149745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                   853704                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                  525664                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                126283635                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes               127381072                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads             2332819849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes              14911197                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements               115453                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               10.425607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               115469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         13088656983000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ethernet     3.544416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     6.881191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ethernet     0.221526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.430074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.651600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1041134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1041134                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total       106664                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             8846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total               3                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide          190                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8849                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide   1914739091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1920272091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide   1914739091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1920611091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      5872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide   1914739091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1920611091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide       106854                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total       106854                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.001778                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.001778                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 149540.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 217361.685889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217078.011644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       146800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 217361.685889                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217042.726975                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       146800                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 217361.685889                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217042.726975                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         52653                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.590710                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                     106664                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ethernet           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide         8809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456535121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460144121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   6643047696                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6643047696                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456535121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460327121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet      3792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1456535121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460327121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet 97540.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 165346.250539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165062.640855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        94800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 165346.250539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165027.361397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ethernet        94800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 165346.250539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165027.361397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   16389                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
