
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056374                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56374399500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56374399500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 200830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   256832                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              159651052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 319716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   353.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70915127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      90690083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           8247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       323904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          323904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5372864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5372864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             128862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                128862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            146292787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               146292787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         5745587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5745587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          95306807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               95306807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          95306807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           146292787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              241599593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        128862                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        83951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      128862                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      83951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  8246784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5371136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   8247168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5372864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                8164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                8373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                8238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                8169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                8316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                8449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                8089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                7969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                8071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                7635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               7876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               7976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               8004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                5285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                5196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                5033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                5086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               5252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               5143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56374368000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  128862                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  83951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    126558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        38259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      355.901827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     215.943020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     337.187447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          12097     31.62%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8058     21.06%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4075     10.65%     63.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2806      7.33%     70.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2532      6.62%     77.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1601      4.18%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1324      3.46%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1160      3.03%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4606     12.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          38259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        24.995537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      361.849882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           5150     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.286435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.268739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.792681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               4505     87.42%     87.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                  6      0.12%     87.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                503      9.76%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                112      2.17%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 16      0.31%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  4      0.08%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  5      0.10%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  2      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1533288750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3949338750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    644280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11899.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30649.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         146.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          95.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      146.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       95.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     112227                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     62289                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       264900.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      82.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE      30998356250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF        1882400000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       23491967500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 150716160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 138521880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  82236000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  75582375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                512857800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                492039600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               272347920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               271479600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0            3681974400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1            3681974400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           11715197175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           11107328085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0           23547137250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1           24080355750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0             39962466705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1             39847281690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             708.897385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             706.854109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             83951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            102279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           102279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       341675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 341675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     13620032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13620032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            212813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  212813    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              212813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           942245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1221409750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14808790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9910130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            393084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9534894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6736290                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             70.648819                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1716012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        112748799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    70915127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      90690083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1227279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.589912                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.628966                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        93715149                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        19033650                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             42434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1857.503994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            24948244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             44476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            560.937225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1857.503994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.906984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          50029918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         50029918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     24948244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24948244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      24948244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24948244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     24948244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24948244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         44477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          44477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         44477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    894634739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    894634739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    894634739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    894634739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    894634739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    894634739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     24992721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24992721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     24992721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24992721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     24992721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24992721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20114.547721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20114.547721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20114.547721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20114.547721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20114.547721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20114.547721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        44477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    803759261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803759261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    803759261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    803759261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    803759261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    803759261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18071.346111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18071.346111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18071.346111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18071.346111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18071.346111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18071.346111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          97959                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         97958                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       128423                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       107038                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       107038                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        88953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       449463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            538416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2846464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     18492352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           21338816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       333420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5             333420    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         333420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      295133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      67675739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     268453439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            95725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29925.727358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs              99436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           126843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.783930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26686.334760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3239.392599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.814402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.098858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        31118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949646                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          2901241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         2901241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        71304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          71304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       128423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       128423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst         4759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         4759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        76063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           76063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        76063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          76063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        26655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        26655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       102279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       102279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       128934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        128934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       128934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       128934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1985312250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1985312250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7483113000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7483113000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9468425250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9468425250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9468425250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9468425250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        97959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       128423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       128423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       107038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       107038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       204997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       204997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       204997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       204997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.272104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.272104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.955539                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955539                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.628956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.628956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74481.795160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74481.795160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73163.728625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73163.728625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73436.217367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73436.217367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73436.217367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73436.217367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        83951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            83951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        26584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       102279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       102279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       128863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       128863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       128863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       128863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1642872250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1642872250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6184053500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6184053500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7826925750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7826925750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7826925750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7826925750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.271379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.955539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.628609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61799.287165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61799.287165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60462.592517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60462.592517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60738.348091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60738.348091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60738.348091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60738.348091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            156424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4068.200974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            42664255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            160520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            265.787783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         770315250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4068.200974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          86013136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         86013136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     22988554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        22988554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     19643863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19643863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      42632417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         42632417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     42632417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        42632417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        56015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         56015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       206038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       262053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         262053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       262053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        262053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2150622439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2150622439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15250404250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15250404250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17401026689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17401026689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17401026689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17401026689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     23044569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23044569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     42894470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42894470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     42894470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42894470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.010380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38393.688101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38393.688101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74017.434891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74017.434891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66402.699794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66402.699794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66402.699794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66402.699794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       128423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            128423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        99000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        99000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       101533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       101533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        53482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       107038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       160520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       160520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1992994061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992994061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7637775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7637775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9630769061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9630769061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9630769061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9630769061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37264.763117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37264.763117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71355.733478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71355.733478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59997.315356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59997.315356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59997.315356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59997.315356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
