
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.361881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                361880862500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               361880862500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 214559                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   232396                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              153272119                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 259716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2361.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   506582155                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     548695378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           9221824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9221824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       221696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          221696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6177344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6177344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             144091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                144091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           96521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                96521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             25483039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                25483039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          612622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             612622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          17070104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               17070104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          17070104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            25483039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               42553143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        144091                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        96521                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      144091                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      96521                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  9215168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6176128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   9221824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6177344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                9338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                8967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                9003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                8705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                9343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                8943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                8100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                8560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                8672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               8773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               9371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               8706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               9069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                5724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                5818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               5961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    361880833500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  144091                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  96521                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    143620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     5716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     5703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      237.949073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     157.463319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     243.404639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          24397     37.72%     37.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18169     28.09%     65.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6808     10.53%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7802     12.06%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2168      3.35%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1166      1.80%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          777      1.20%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          613      0.95%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2781      4.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        25.784921                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      381.788967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           5580     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.281877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.171400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.885179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5428     97.21%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              84      1.50%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              28      0.50%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              20      0.36%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               9      0.16%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               7      0.13%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               2      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               1      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               2      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1580318000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4280074250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    719935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10975.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29725.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          25.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          17.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       25.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       17.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     111153                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     64649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   77.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  66.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1504001.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      73.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     254039828500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       12083760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       95752175500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 246146040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 242562600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 134305875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 132350625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                560164800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                562497000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               310469760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               314539200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0           23635834560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1           23635834560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           46793455740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           46253268450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          176077509750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          176551358250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            247757886525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            247692410685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             684.652353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             684.471418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               43225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              43225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             96521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            100866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           100866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       384703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 384703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15399168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15399168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            240612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  240612    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              240612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1075136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1362650250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               132262855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          98270441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           6551317                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             68771118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                64694090                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.071598                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 9992883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              17801                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  548                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        723761725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   506582155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     548695378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      14127209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.428715                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.699929                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                       687792337                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        35969388                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             17682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1187.679119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           200328523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             19553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10245.411088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1187.679119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.579921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.579921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         400715705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        400715705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    200328523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       200328523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     200328523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        200328523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    200328523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       200328523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         19553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          19553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         19553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    468017498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    468017498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    468017498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    468017498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    468017498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    468017498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    200348076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200348076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    200348076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    200348076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    200348076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    200348076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23935.840945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23935.840945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23935.840945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23935.840945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23935.840945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23935.840945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427542502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427542502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427542502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427542502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    427542502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427542502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21865.826318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21865.826318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21865.826318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21865.826318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21865.826318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21865.826318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         806891                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        806891                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      1068421                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       356400                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       356400                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        39106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3355897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           3395003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1251392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    141578176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          142829568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2231712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5            2231712    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2231712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2184277000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      30013998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1744433986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           111337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        27632.941712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1684357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           142526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            11.817893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     162521333500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 23524.774692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4108.167019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.717919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.125371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        31189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        25866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951813                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         18352622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        18352622                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       763650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         763650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1068421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1068421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.inst       255534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       255534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1019184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1019184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1019184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1019184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        43241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        43241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.inst       100866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       100866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       144107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        144107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       144107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       144107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3220591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3220591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   7211196000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7211196000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10431787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10431787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10431787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10431787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       806891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       806891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1068421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1068421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.inst       356400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       356400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1163291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1163291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1163291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1163291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.053590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.283013                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.283013                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.123879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.123879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74480.030527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74480.030527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71492.832074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71492.832074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72389.176098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72389.176098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72389.176098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72389.176098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        96521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            96521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        43225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       100866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       100866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       144091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       144091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       144091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2672436250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672436250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5933940000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5933940000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8606376250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8606376250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   8606376250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8606376250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.053570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.283013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.123865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.123865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61826.171197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61826.171197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58829.932782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58829.932782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59728.756480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59728.756480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59728.756480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59728.756480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1139642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4071.128930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           169306917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1143738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            148.029459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4807181250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4071.128930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         342867294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        342867294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    112791129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       112791129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.inst     53538706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       53538706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.inst      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.inst      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     166329835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        166329835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    166329835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       166329835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       854261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        854261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.inst       700600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       700600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1554861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1554861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1554861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1554861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13692452733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13692452733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20709081750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20709081750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34401534483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34401534483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34401534483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34401534483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    113645390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    113645390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.inst     54239306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     54239306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    167884696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    167884696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    167884696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    167884696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.007517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012917                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012917                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16028.418403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16028.418403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29559.066158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29559.066158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22125.151048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.151048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22125.151048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.151048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1068421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1068421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        66670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       344453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       344453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       411123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       411123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       411123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       411123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       787591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       787591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       356147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       356147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1143738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1143738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1143738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1143738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11243518014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11243518014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10120311000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10120311000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21363829014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21363829014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21363829014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21363829014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14275.833541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14275.833541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28416.106271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28416.106271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18678.953584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18678.953584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18678.953584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18678.953584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
